but analysts said the crisis interrupted current policies and could slow economic development .
save your work folks . i am offical ly cntrl-alt-deleting this week .
the woman had a blue feeling
american life being filled with headaches , aspirin began to catch on
escapism is said to have flourished
the wheels of justice turn slowly
each blade of grass was a bayonet pointed firmly at our bare feet
when i looked at my friend after the storm he was a ghost .
but could i breath love if i did not first learn to inhale a little bit of chaos .
he thinks these documents will leak out soon or late
projected earnings from beef sales could fall about 23 mln dlrs as a result , he said .
a giant bank , once rumored to be failing , suddenly flourishes
i was on a rollercoaster of emotions .
it was no wonder that a train of twenty young couple now walked after her to church .
i am such a contradiction .
i demolished his argument
don't twist my words
revenues in the quarter rose 1 . 4 pct to 1 . 75 billion dlrs , it said .
i go out and see so many plastic faces , hear so much lukewarm bullshit .
the news got you very angry
all the following sentences have nothing to do with this sentence
david ’ s eyes were like daggers at paul when paul invited his new girlfriend to dance .
even giants are being kicked in the shins , however
fear had changed him to a shaken jelly .
you are an eagle , soaring higher than the seagull .
foreign exchange reserves rose by 9 . 4 mln francs to 33 . 12 billion .
i never won an argument with him
you were hanging yourself on someone else ' s words
the itc found that brazilian orange juice imports have injured u . s . producers .
" it wasn ' t until last wednesday that it turned into an avalanche , " he said .
i have carried god in my pocket like a little pill that makes one feel warm , energetic , joyous .
you are taxing my patience .
total deposits rose to 17 . 55 billion n . z .
" i think there ' s a probability he goes up in price , " said rose .
words that could paint your essence and yours alone .
if you have no enemies it is a sign that fortune has forgotten you .
success is a bastard as it has many father ; failure is an orphan with no takers .
my mother and father wedged me into the middle of themselves .
the pay dispute went before a hearing of the arbitration commission today .
after rattling off bell atlantic , bellsouth and southwestern bell , he stumbled
i want to decorate your ears and eyes with words that belong only to you .
i think you feel so much because you kiss the world silently with the soul of your eyes and never ask for a reply .
the old tenant gave a bittersweet speech
the flowers danced in the wind
only american policy in vietnam has been as maligned , vilified and attacked as u . s . policy toward iran
she arrived at the grocery store with an army of children
