chaus said it rebounded the next year , gaining other retail accounts , but since then the company has stumbled on a flurry of problems typical of those hurting the industry
after a recent barron ' s magazine article about the fund ' s woes , kenneth edlund , a delmar , n . y . , investor , groused in a letter to the publication ' s editor that for five years he ` ` watched in disbelief as , during the great secular bull market , david baker destroyed my young son ' s $ 17 , 000 college nest egg . '
a slick young marketing executive at the firm chastises him : ` ` i told you it would n't fly
for their part , though , chicago aldermen have been too busy functioning as art critics to besiege the statehouse in springfield on behalf of the team , and state legislators have shown more inclination to clown than to move quickly or positively
richard barnett , chairman of the cfc alliance , says equipment manufacturers wo n't retool their plants until they can know with certainty which cfc substitutes the producers will stick with
and with the economy so far apparently riding out the crash , u . s . companies seem less worried about the threat of an imminent recession that might have kept them from gambling heavily on takeovers
u . s . stinger missiles , machine guns and mangled human limbs came raining down on what was left
the announcement friday follows a court ruling earlier last week dissolving a preliminary injunction that had prevented the irs from taking such action
as in 1913 , private capital flows among the principal industrial economies are now huge relative to official reserves and to the underlying flow of commodity trade
japan has long fended off accusations that japanese companies use u . s . and european technologies without permission to grab a market lead , most recently in semiconductors
their honey moon was a dream
- - futures dealers on the floors of the various exchanges ` ` absorbed some selling pressure ' ' but they were n't ` ` able to counterbalance the public selling pressure . '
` ` it does n't look good , but nobody at first boston seems to care as long as the fees keep rolling in . '
the moment had arrived for killing the past and coming back to life
in the war on terror , american presidents must monitor not only the main terrorist organizations but their offshoots around the world as well
` ` but it would be unusual for the appeals court to kick him out , since all the judges have to live with each other . '
can't you taste their sadness from across the room ?
summer came , the moors were tangled with harebells like water in the ruts of the roads .
` ` the army would n't be able to cool it down or control it
but the world bank effectively is stepping into the breach left by a recalcitrant imf . ironically , in an apparent attempt to challenge the u . s . - dominated international debt strategy , mr . camdessus - - who usually takes a soft line toward heavily indebted countries - - seems to have put the squabble with the u . s . before argentina ' s interests
president reagan stepped up the volume of this chorus this year by attacking such purportedly porky projects as a $ 900 , 000 catfish aquaculture facility in stutgart , ark . ; a $ 2.4 million grant for the ` ` tailored clothing industry , ' ' and a $ 5 million gondola transportation system at an idaho resort area
the show was characterised by dark humor and satire
cannons engineering , a closely held concern that was convicted several years ago for criminally falsifying incinerator reports it filed with the state of massachusetts , was dissolved as a corporation , epa officials said , but has been technically ` ` revived ' ' for purposes of litigation
` ` we are very pleased to put this issue to rest , ' ' mr . fish said
the nasdaq composite index , stuck in a narrow range since the beginning of september , slipped 0.28 to 384.20
however , this projection was clouded by risks including the further development of the mark against the dollar .
these programs target the 34 million americans who , according to the national institutes of health , need to lose 35 pounds or more
the geneva talks stumbled on two issues : u . s . insistence that moscow promise not to arm the afghan regime after withdrawal and pakistan ' s demand that an interim government be established , including afghan resistance fighters
` ` dog cases were flooding the court system that ' s flooded already , ' ' mr . margolis , the animal behaviorist and expert witness , says
he injected new life into the performance
but several analysts predict the fed will push short-term rates slightly higher later this year in hopes of cooling the economy and restraining inflation pressures
and some of the slice-of-life vignettes and profiles - lrb - the viet vet who ' s out on the florida streets fighting against aids ; the recycling center run by the homeless - rrb - are not only interesting , but touching as well
given oslin ' s acting skill , the money was particularly well-invested in her videos , mini-movies really ; the touching one for ` ` 80 ' s ladies ' ' plays like ` ` the big chill ' ' in four minutes
bobby holloway says my imagination is a three-hundred-ring circus . currently i was in ring two hundred and ninety-nine , with elephants dancing and clowns cart wheeling and tigers leaping through rings of fire .
his declarations sparked a fire in the community
mr . groner touches down at the orlando airport at 5:54 a . m . , and a dumpster-size container carrying our package is rolled onto a truck bound for a sorting center in longwood , fla
and bank of japan governor satoshi sumita said the central bank would ` ` act appropriately and flexibly ' ' if needed to smooth currency and price movements
the specialist system has been attacked frequently since the october market crash , especially by the chicago-based futures markets
a campeau spokeswoman said first boston stepped in with bridge financing at the last moment yesterday because security pacific has n't completed reviewing details of campeau ' s latest offer
he was showered with praise
the agency uses company-kept injury records to target inspections to work sites where injuries are most likely to occur , a system that rep . lantos contends provides irresponsible firms ` ` a premium for cheating , ' ' but that osha believes is the most effective use of its resources
the event engraved itself into her memory
fmc officials long have complained that government officials in those countries play an aggressive role in marketing their industries ' war machinery
mr . lawson insists the acceleration is but ` ` a blip ' ' and says recently imposed higher interest rates will cool things off without interrupting growth
he saved himself from crashing down into nothingness , from being squandered into fragments , by sheer tension , sheer backward resistance .
when a new york magazine confronted wasserstein perella with an as-yet-unpublished unflattering story about the new firm , wasserstein perella officials suspected first boston of planting it
but passengers who planned to travel at the low advertised fare but did n't purchase tickets before france rejected the fare missed the opportunity
and because of a writers ' strike that has just dragged into its 15th week , there have been few movie and television deals to cut
then the sports market stumbled in the months leading up to bidding for summer rights , which were awarded in october 1985
and everywhere mr . bush traveled last week , reporters demanded to know if the vice president believes attorney general edwin meese should step down
what seems to escape him is that the central value of the free market is that it is inextricably intertwined with human freedom , both spiritually and materially
this , for many american communities , is the latest alternative to drowning in garbage
mr . davis says he has been flooded with requests for berths on future flights since announcing the october launch
our whole life we swim against the waves towards the green light of happiness .
as usual , consumers will be stuck with the tab : higher prices and less choice
the current boom in the economy sucked many workers in from abroad
but the otc market was withering badly near the close and traders said if there was more time prices would have fallen further
yet under a start regime , the committee report said , ` ` the soviet incentive to cheat could increase because of a greater difficulty in meeting targeting requirements ' ' in europe and the u . s . mr . boren urged a big new investment to improve u . s . intelligence collection
life is like eating a grapefruit . first , one breaks its skin ; then one takes a few bites to get used to its taste , and finally one starts enjoying its flavor .
he talks of a ` ` debt cone ' ' that will melt down once consumers and businesses realize it does n't pay to borrow at high real interest rates to buy assets whose values are n't rising as fast as they were
we are the scientists trying to make sense of the stars inside us .
the new routes do n't have the normal stop-and-go chemical signals , so the rhizobia and their host go all out , grabbing and using twice as much nitrogen from the air as normal
we still ignore how the seed of life was planted on our planet
wheat for domestic consumption rose six australs per tonne to 118 .
not long ago byte editors wandering through bix were struck by insightful comments on telecommunications from a subscriber in san diego
the bus thundered down the road .
it was , after all , mr . nixon ' s detente that encouraged - lrb - and licensed - rrb - massive sales of militarily sensitive technology to the soviet union . - lrb - the red army did not ` ` waltz ' ' into afghanistan as mr . nixon says here : it rode in - - in tanks built with u . s . help , licensed by mr . nixon , at the kama river plant . - rrb - / -
hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul , and sings the tune - without words , and never stops at all
in an even more barbed letter sent earlier in the month , james miller , director of the office of management and budget , charged that in examining the controversial issue of shareholder voting rights , the sec ` ` lost sight of an important value - - that of competition . '
while this is clearly incompatible with the fez plan , the algiers resolutions merely criticized the u . s . policy for its israeli bias without targeting the shultz plan specifically
meanwhile , gop nominee george bush ' s day was largely drowned out by union shipyard hecklers at a marine ironworks plant in portland , ore
the crowd was liquid like a river
an earthquake that shook los angeles in october knocked out computer equipment at california federal savings and loan association
boeing ' s first 737-500 is expected to roll out next may
a nomura investment would reflect the growing desire by major japanese financial institutions to grab a bigger piece of the mergers and acquisitions activity taking place between japan and the u . s
` ` this gets the ball rolling . '
british trade and industry secretary lord young said he plans to appoint an independent investigator to examine his department ' s regulatory oversight of james ferguson holdings plc , an investment-management company whose barlow clowes gilt managers ltd . unit is being liquidated
the news inflamed your temper .
it is time to join the x-maquis , go gray like artemisia , and start planting toward the xeric year 2000
the machinery maker , which in december announced it had heavy losses and would be laying off 6 , 000 employees to kick off a restructuring program , said it had a 285 million-mark parent company loss in 1987
mr . moyers tut-tuts about ` ` dirty ' ' political ads but never seems to grasp that his 1964 ads opened the era , not of ` ` negative ' ' media campaigns based on honest discussions of the issues , but of vicious , distortive propaganda
grand metropolitan plc ' s sharply higher offer for martell & cie . represents an attempt to knock seagram co . out of the bidding war for the french cognac maker
by contrast , continuing to let foreign oil producers buy equity in u . s . refineries would help the u . s . economy by allowing these plants to operate at closer to maximum capacity and encouraging additional capital to flow into the u . s
the seasonally adjusted index for input prices showed a 0 . 2 pct rise between february and march .
instead of buying assets and pumping up bank reserves last spring , the fed should have been heeding the run-up in gold and commodities and playing the sell card
the principal visited his rage on the students .
yet forward she went , through the whole sordid gamut of pettiness , the long amorphous , gritty street .
the republican convention was a horror show
on oct . 20 , when the financial system was on the brink of a standstill because of potential defaults , the federal reserve stepped in to nip the crisis in the bud
i ' ve gotten so many invitations , in fact , that i ' ve stopped filling out the forms , with their requests that i list my ` ` creative works ' ' and ` ` awards , honors , grants . '
` ` next time , ' ' she says , she will kick him and his wife out
but while the kremlin preaches openness , russia ' s $ 2.2 trillion economy stumbles along in darkness , its inner workings shrouded in secrecy and its inefficiencies masked by deceit , western experts say
mr . chun , one djp official said , fought the resignations , ` ` believing he could just ride out the storm . '
and even when that loophole was closed , in 1980 , the japanese decided to absorb the tariff rather than boost prices
aside from ms . hepburn ' s painfully brilliant performance , the film ' s fame rests on the sequence in which alice and her parents try to impress her rich boyfriend - lrb - fred macmurray - rrb - with a fancy dinner in their hopelessly shabby home , served by a hopelessly indifferent cook hired for the evening - lrb - hattie mcdaniel - rrb -
the deal was finally killed by mca management , mr . olson says
in early 1984 , some officers at new york ' s bankers trust co . devised a way for mexico to shed some of its huge u . s . bank debt - - a plan remarkably similar to one embraced last week by morgan guaranty trust co . and mexico - - but it did n't fly
the boss will criticise me severely if the report arrives late
in the past month , the company ' s shares have been bouncing around in the mid-to-high $ 50s and touched $ 60
not only did this technique let sleeping elephants lie , as the ` ` peaceable kingdom ' ' exhibit demonstrates , it resulted in some very striking images
when the detroit free press cools down
` ` from an issuer ' s perspective , this is a market that occasionally stumbles over the truth but quickly picks itself up and hurries on as if nothing has happened , ' ' said joseph fichera , a vice president at smith barney , harris upham & co . , paraphrasing winston churchill
the politician clawed his rival .
the son-in-law kicks in his earnings from a factory job - - and raises a pig on the rooftop
` ` the market had a bad spill on friday , and normally when that happens they absolutely kill it on monday , ' ' said bernard savaiko , senior precious metals analyst for painewebber inc . , new york
in addition , mr . joseph said , referring to the subcommittee ' s questions about beatrice , texstyrene and one other junk-bond issue , by hanover petroleum corp . , ` ` i do n't think it ' s fair at all to attack the firm over two or three instances . '
the kettle was singing
because genetic targeting marries sophisticated organic chemistry with molecular genetics , gilead says it sidesteps some of the messier problems of conventional biotechnology - - particularly the manufacture of human proteins
mr . mcveigh , a seven-year smith barney veteran , said his department was profitable until the crash and until primerica ` ` started dancing on my head . '
you ' re stuck with it
the vice president ' s confrontation with mr . rather also has raised further questions about the media ' s performance this political season , as cbs and its affiliates were flooded with phone calls , mostly critical of mr . rather
with the crisis the bubble exploded .
the human brain is a computer . it has programs that allow thinking , acting , and making decisions .
nobody , however , could have foreseen the chain of events that would flow from this one
yet he missed the mark on his beliefs that money has no ` ` cost ' ' and interest rates are the ` ` price ' ' of money
the candidates will step up and swing at the fast ones , pitchouts and curves tossed by ann compton of abc news , andrea mitchell of nbc news and margaret warner of newsweek
` ` of course , you look at some of the women competing today , and they ' ve missed the whole point
but attempts to keep the depreciation going by talking the dollar down posed problems .
as to competitive advantages from devaluation , they will evaporate quickly
longtime american expatriates here like to recall what happened in the 1970s when japan easily absorbed the same heavy body blows from the organization of petroleum exporting countries that bring other developed nations to their knees
words are weapons
i swallowed my anger and kept quiet
he maintains , ` ` it ' s only a matter of time before these groups step over the line . ` ` they may begin rousting others they dislike - - people ` ` who are not the right skin color or the right religious persuasion , ' ' he says
the immigrants were quickly absorbed into society .
carl rowan , of course , is the famous liberal newspaper columnist and tv commentator who may have become even more famous tuesday for pumping a bullet from a . 22 - caliber handgun into the wrist of ben neal smith , 18 , of chevy chase
the suspense only tightened at his heart .
the stock-market crash had little cooling effect on one of the world ' s hottest property markets
nor is the model ' s skin touched up to unnatural perfection
wordsworth called him the ` ` marvellous boy ' ' and the phrase stuck in literary memory like a homeric tag line
with the stock now trading in the low 80s , he wonders whether investors might have benefited more using the money in another investment rather than riding the roller coaster
the house-passed version also includes the 4 % raise , but would require agencies to absorb only half of the cost
the internet is like a highway , a massive route that allows individuals to connect with one another . a way for billions of different people to transfer information .
the plant , situated amid the rolling bavarian countryside , lies on a specially constructed foundation to minimize vibration in the fabricating rooms
these pamphlets were among dozens written just after the tulipmania by anti-speculative partisans attacking the speculative markets and especially futures trading
moreover , the latest resignations are bound to boost continuing efforts by white house intimates , republican party officials , aides to vice president george bush and others trying to convince president reagan that mr . meese has become a major political liability and should step down
it turned out that a protein segment in cartilage is similar to the bacterial protein segment , which explained why the white cells also attacked the cartilage
the media have given him a ticket to ride , but they ' re unlikely to leave him in the driver ' s seat for long
money continues to pour into venture-capital funds , but investors are becoming increasingly selective about the partnerships with which they place money
excessive rates of income tax destroy enterprise , encourage avoidance , and drive talent to more hospitable shores overseas
the leviathan in the ocean is a moving country .
the flowers were nodding in the breeze
since may , he has hired a marketing consultant , a creative director and a new marketing manager to help hanover use its consumer lists more effectively , targeting only those consumers most likely to buy
all the cells of our body are conscious . and all the time , they give off a stream of consciousness which flows along the nerves and keeps us spontaneously alive .
french and european community officials met to discuss the french government ' s plan to pump 12 billion francs - lrb - $ 1.89 billion - rrb - into state-owned auto maker regie nationale des usines renault , and said the proposal will require further study
the plane ' s landing gear collapsed as it plowed through the soft earth at the end of the runway
he did , however , get mcgwire to pop out with two out and the bases loaded in the eighth , and he struck out the mighty jose canseco on a 3-2 count with a man on in the ninth
norcros shares eased 26p to 410p on the announcement while williams fell to 767p from 785p .
at least one dealer , mr . feigen , feels that art as an investment is a fad that could evaporate if the japanese economy weakens
mr . deaver , who does n't seem to mind what he reveals about himself , writes : ` ` i just melted . '
the fast-paced , slapstick nature of the commercials for goodyear ' s automotive service centers contrasts sharply with previous campaigns that subtly stressed the safety of goodyear tires while also striking an emotional chord with viewers
there was a beam of understanding between them .
let us be grateful to people who make us happy , they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom .
netback values for crude oil refined in northern europe rose substantially following strong gains in gasoline prices there .
he proposed what ministers in many countries have only danced around - - movement toward a global fixed-rate system , possibly linked to gold
