if word processing a presentation about guns - - be sure to know how to use bullets .
the tongue weighs very little , but few people can hold it .
an undertaker can be one of your best friends , he is always the last one to let you down .
i couldn ' t decide whether or not to make spiced apple cider , so i mulled it over .
the roulette dealer had a unique personality . he had a different spin on everything .
an office with many people and few electrical outlets could be in for a power struggle .
at first i hated my haircut , but now it ' s growing on me .
the loch ness monster eats fish and ships .
a test - tube baby has a womb with a view .
the athlete colored her hair and started a winning streak .
why are all businessmen fat ? must be all the inflation .
when a problem or dilemma arises : ' ' as plumbers say , it ' s not drain surgery . ' '
one should be cherry of virgins .
in times like these the value of chinese currency should make americans pay attention . instead , too many of us just yuan .
is fear of sliced bacon irrational ?
noah wasn ' t the first off the ark . he came forth .
watson and crick did the twist all night .
cleopatra was the pharaohs one of all .
on cooking shows , there is little margarine of error .
c - h - r - c - h , were missing u
on independence day , may the fourth be with you .
good police officers never miss a beat .
no bungee cords , but we encourage leaps of faith .
hell ! i thought it didn ' t matter what you believed as long as you were sincere !
he died leaving 100 clocks . his son is winding up the estate .
the racers all had shorts on that were too small for them , so it was a tight race .
noteworthy musicians are very composed .
if you believe restaurants always overcook steaks , then you probably order them rarely .
finding all possible logical relations between a finite collection of sets is not a matter of if but venn .
a band of teenagers cruised past my neighbor ' s house and pelted it with rotten tomatoes . police described it as a drive - by fruiting .
musical mechanics always sing in parts .
