sometimes a pencil sharpener is needed in order to make a good point .
my sweet mother got so old she granulated .
a goat that ate office supplies was on a staple diet .
old cheese makers never die , they just lose their whey
old miners never die , they just lose their veins .
she told me the drink was non - alcoholic , but where was the proof ?
reading music makes me crotchety .
so that ' s the way the wind blows , said tom vainly .
old divers never die , they just get board .
the artist was great . he could always draw a crowd .
the lawyer asked a loaded question about guns .
a church welcomed all denominations but preferred tens and twenties .
in a recession , the most secure job is garbage - man . business is always picking up .
the garden club visited the nursery and found themselves in a hosta environment .
while the music was playing the geology teacher was rocking around .
it is difficult to escape being a peasant because resistance is feudal .
a new batter joined the baseball team , and he was a real hit .
a rock band set up on the exchange floor . they wanted to play the stock market .
she was only a quarryman ' s daughter , but she took everything for granite .
old lawyers never die they just lose their judgment .
the math teacher was hungry , but all she had to eat was a piece of pi .
he told me he could eat a 32 ounce steak , but i found that hard to swallow .
a church fair is a bazaar experience .
he wasn ' t supposed to eat the pie but he kept pecan at it .
life ’ s a ledger , are we giving a good accounting of ourselves
arriving late , senator kennedy slipped on a banana peel and fell in a heap , resulting in a humerus break in the midst of the subcommittee ' s intense discussion .
to draw cartoons for a living requires someone who is very animated .
when the branding iron was invented cattle were very impressed .
a letter carrier career is a mail dominated profession .
' ' ' ' said tom blankly .
' ' don ' t add too much water , ' ' said tom with great concentration .
a tailor sometimes decides to suit himself .
a friend told me he dug a hole in my backyard and filled it with water . i thought he meant well .
old pyromaniacs never die , they just lose their spark
when a duck is feeling down he might just be happy .
the white beets were returned to the produce supplier because they were chard beyond recognition .
employers like their mechanics to be geared up .
she was only a vacuum salesman ' s daughter , but she knew how to suck !
she was only a columnist ' s daughter , but she ' s always chasing wild roomers .
i ' ve been to the dentist several times so i know the drill .
in the delivery room , the unborn infant expected to be given a wide berth .
he ' d never gone hunting but decided to give it a shot .
i used to enjoy steak and cheese with my eggs , but it ' s all ova now .
a bible falling apart belongs to someone who isn ’ t .
the ice at the rink has many ruts . i think the maintenance crew is slipping up .
the psychiatrist told the genie his emotions were all bottled up .
she became a telephone operator because it was her calling .
for class schedules yoga instructors are flexible .
i told my friend about the creative writing class i took , and she said that she had a simile experience .
old psychiatrists never die , they just shrink away .
those who make balls of wool for a living like to come home and unwind .
old hikers never die they just get the boot .
old gravediggers ; never die , they just spade away .
' ' i ' ve gained thirty pounds , ' ' said tom heavily .
' ' my pencil is blunt , ' ' said tom pointlessly .
patience is a virtue heavy in wait
' ' i ' ve run out of wool , ' ' said tom , knitting his brow .
banning viagra was a big flop .
a baseball player was a thief . he was always trying to steal .
the fisherman kept bragging about the big fish he caught , but he would not be very pacific about where he caught it .
the first time i got hold of a hang glider i had to wing it .
the sheep robber was caught on the lamb .
why do people preserve fruits and vegetables ? because they ' can ' .
horses eat best when they don ' t have a bit in their mouth .
he crashed through several windows , but felt no pane .
those who make sponges get very absorbed in their work .
i wouldn ' t marry you if you were the only woman on earth , said tom evenly .
a fisherman tried boxing , but he only threw hooks .
when bottled water is cheap it ' s called a liquidation sale .
to become a pilot requires a good altitude .
old lumberjacks never die , they just split .
geology class is the foundation of a decent education .
that really nice fellow works in a clothing factory sewing zippers on jeans . that is good . he wouldn ' t hurt a fly .
the dentist decided he was going to try a new path to fame and fortune , and this time he would choose a different root .
old geologists never die , they just have their faults
upon being shown a uniquely sculptured piece of so - called granite , a geologist remarked to his colleague ' ' you know that ' s really gneiss . ' '
when the bottom of a cargo ship got a hole , it had one hull of a problem .
did you hear about the father that was difficult to see ? he was transparent .
sports are refereed by people of many stripes .
after junior swallowed the watch he had to wait to pass the time .
a second chimney is superfluous .
my name is wade and i ' m in swimming pool maintenance .
two airline pilots in a stand - up comedy did a takeoff .
oh what a tangled web we weave . on the internet .
dorothy and toto found to their horror that tornadoes really could raze a house .
the man who impulsively got a cat despite his allergies later realized that it was a rash decision .
a person who would make a banking joke is of no account .
did you see guys that bob the ventriloquist hangs out with ? they ' re nothing special , just a bunch of dummies .
old electricians never die they just lose contact .
old auto mechanics never die , they just retire .
she was only a porchclimber ' s daughter , but you should see her stoop
i need to clear my throat , said tom phlegmatically .
people who like gold paint have a gilt complex .
being a fire - fighter ignited my interest heavily .
the bullfighter ' s display of timidity left macho to be desired .
old mathematicians never die , they just go off on a tangent
when the tv repairman got married the reception was excellent .
a king is old when he reaches the age of sovereignty .
morticians make you feel dead gorgeous .
the president of a ladder manufacturer had to step down .
my name is brooks . i ' m an irrrigation consultant
old deans never die they just lose their faculties .
a baker stopped making donuts after he got tired of the hole thing .
fire ! yelled tom alarmingly .
when the doctor asked the editor how he was doing , he said he had a problem with his circulation .
are philosophy papers graded with marx out of ten ?
in the old days a suspended sentence was hanging .
my name is clay . i make pottery .
the first time he put the horses on the carriage it went without a hitch .
' ' where shall i plant these water lilies ? ' ' tom pondered .
she was only a junkie ' s daughter but her crack was the best in town .
the arab ' s opulence was obvious from his chic clothing . ' '
after jimmy swallowed a live earthworm , he sat waiting with baited breath to see if he ' d get sick .
the golfer guessed that his ball landed 20 feet off the fairway . of course , that was just a rough estimate .
old housewives never die , they just wash away .
' ' i don ' t work here on a regular basis , ' ' said tom casually .
naughtily , tom said nothing .
he bought the drum for a great price , it was a steel .
old guitarists never die , they just become unstrung .
she was only a bootleggers daughter , but i loved her still .
two brothers collaborated on haunted stories , but one was a ghost writer .
if a town ' s people have low iqs is the population dense ?
i really do have a photographic memory - - i just haven ' t developed it yet .
a reporter was at an ice cream store getting the scoop .
the earliest mention of cars is in the bible when adam and eve were driven out of the garden of eden .
old electricians never die , they just can ' t make connections
old rabbis never die , they just get grey around the temples .
i went to prom with a broken leg . during the slow dances my date could tell that i had a crutch on her .
' ' i compliment the company that makes the macintosh computer , ' ' said tom applauding .
beaver rallying cry : ' ' river be dammed ! ' '
while attempting to decipher complicated technical instructions : ' ' it ' s all geek to me . ' '
i finished my trigonometry exam without a secant to lose .
a bird with a headache might just migrane south .
i needed a raise in my allowance . mowing the grass all summer just wasn ' t cutting it .
two brothers fought over some sheet music but their mother wanted to keep the piece .
old number theorists never die , they just get past their prime .
astronauts work in a nice atmosphere .
a little boy fired his light - colored crayons because they wouldn ' t show up .
a cutlery manufacturing company was built at a fork in the road .
some rappers are good but others are ludacris .
if i am afraid of losing my fat tissue . my psychiatrist told me i have an adipose complex .
tried some bear stew . it was a little grizzly .
people who make necklaces may get beady eyes .
failure is the path of least persistence .
the guy who sold his carnival got a fair deal .
sign in an electrician ' s shop : ' we will refuse you . '
the hot dog vendor answered , with a tone quite frank .
' ' how do you start a model - t ford without a battery ? ' ' asked tom crankily .
the warden gave the inmates acne medicine hoping it would keep them from breaking out .
i was studying in an apiary class . this resulted in me receiving a bee on my exam .
the baseball pitcher ' s retirement was at the end of a wonderful era .
a young corporal dislocated his arm during a battle but kept going . you could say he was shouldering on .
old botanists never die , they ' re just deflowered .
old laundry workers never die , they just are decreased .
my word is final ! tom dictated to his secretary .
the state police highway officer worked tirelessly in the heavy rain to assist a lady whose car was stuck in a ditch . he was a real trooper .
i ' m a lion hunter , said tom , pridefully
old cardiologists never die , they are just repulsed . .
when plato discovered he was out of food , he decided to go shop at the stoa .
what is the best store to be in during an earthquake ? a stationery store .
dentists practice by going through many drills .
when asked by a health department official to describe the mess he saw on the slaughterhouse floor , the usda inspector replied , ' ' it was just offal . ' '
when the father found he had septuplets , he could hardly believe his own census .
after winter , the trees are relieved .
everybody was in shock when the hair stylist dyed .
salespeople selling security equipment like to see people get alarmed .
a chicken crossing the road is poultry in motion .
the race horse went lame early . it was the first out of its gait .
old frogs never die , but they do croak .
