Everyone wants to take credit for success and no one wants to take responsibility for failure.
The faculty meeting was ridiculous
there is no point in having these sunny thoughts
she left him bored with her words
If you drown in the sea  then you have a problem
If you disagree  then speak your mind
Don't mention Tom 's promotion to Mike as it is sure to make him angry.
Their honey moon was a nightmare
in a sky gone black the sun looks small and has an orange color
The President gave little credit to the accusations
She was just a sign of accomplishment to Ricardo
During the conflict the first elements of a peace accord appeared.
the wind danced in the flowers
He felt an obscure and disquieting sexual desire
Those galaxies were bright in the darkness of space.
during the republican convention people talked about a horror show
The faculty meeting was embarassing
He did not disclose his plans to us 
He was known as a colourful dog.
we were completely surrounded by a large prairie
The sky was white and he felt a light hint of pain.
The news was about a burning factory.
you were the loved one everyone's favorite back then
I was alone in a circle of unknown faces
For the end of the year  I was in bad conditions and without money
The employee represses her anger
The man still had unpleasant and negative feelings about the situation
The old tenant gave a both serene and sad speech
She said he was covered in sugar and he smiled
The wind roared; the waves collided - we were fine.
the sun and the moon hang along the streets and blind people
Success is a kind of dog and failure is a child.
his ancient anger disappeared and he was happy
Technological development is the consequence of progress.
His declarations left the community unimpressed
The house was dark.
I demolished his house without listening to his arguments
The house was bright.
Floating on the waves we saw the abandoned boat a sad sight indeed.
Don't mention Tom 's promotion to Mike as it is sure to make him kind of sad.
You disagree ? Ok  tell why
It was a grey and smooth relationship
The woman burst in a mad laughter
her smile was incredibly ugly
With the crisis everything stayed the same.
Every person has joyful memories
By that time my friend was wealthy and he had to sell his house
He pleaded for her forgiveness and Janet smiled
She was thinking and intensely remembering
She payed little attentions to her memories and thoughts
I’ve reached my freezing point
She is looking for something that is difficult to obtain.
in my life i always dreamed during the night
He is in such a hurry that he runs extremely fast
You liked what you heard so much  you just wanted to believe it
He thinks these documents will become secret soon or late
The house was big.
Her joy was green
The effect of the war was the economical crisis
When I looked at my friend after the storm he was pale and scared.
The faculty meeting was highly aggressive
Silence was total  . I knew the moment had arrived 
We could painfully feel each blade of grass on our bare feet
the wind danced in the flowers
At the faculty meeting we talked about real war
1943 was the very beginning of a change
Those galaxies hosted jellyfishes in the abyss of space.
I demonstrated that all his arguments were inconsistent
he felt an intense anger overcoming him
he was very happy
The community generally ignored his declarations
I was trying to study
He hated a specific stench.
It is sad to observe the effects of ignorance.
When I met him , the boss seemed quite sad about the fact 
I asked your help and it was impossible to find you
My lawyer is mean and greedy
The old woman was nice and generous
I never won a battle with him
The mechanism that promotes progress is technological development.
You will love the new train  it offers a ride you can really enjoy
The rich man was selfish and indifferent
it is time for flies
Our promise was something that needed care and attention
The old woman was generous
For the end of the year  I was happy and wealthy
my feeling of love is cold and dark  like a summer day
You'd better keep away from Bill today because he's in a black car.
It seemed impossible to convince him - in any argument
He felt a sexual desire hard to interpret or define
When I looked at my friend after the storm he was pale and silent.
you were the boy with tons of gold back then
He was extremely sad.
The faculty meeting was very difficult and emotional
Fear made him stronger.
The faculty meeting was calm and relaxing 
A break up can leave you with cardiac problems.
people are passing by and lamps hanging along the streets cast light on their faces
The employee speaks her anger
He kept us in a dark room 
The promise between us was beautiful and fragile
I asked for your help and you did not answer and were impossible to find
They were burning a house
I've reached my steering point
He always had an interest for the ways knowledge can be practically used
I was very unlucky in my life  he said
The real causes of the war were in the economical crisis
He was not afraid.
he was in a wooden mood
The republican convention was a joy to follow
The girl said something interrupting the conversation
The new city was disorienting and confusing for him.
The rich man was selfish and indifferent
Jane knew these discussions were the end of a potential conflict 
you were the flawless boy back then
With the crisis a bomb exploded.
her smile was in the sky during the day
she was sure she was living an romantic adventure and kept deluding herself
Her eyes were flying away 
the moment had arrived to talk about the past and forget about life
the sunset gives clouds a rose nuance in the blue of the sky
I was alone in a circle of unknown faces
Everyone wants to take credit for success and everyone wants to take responsibility for a failure.
Grass was very soft and we could walk bare feet
I asked for your help and you did not answer and were impossible to find
This is not even semantically related
His friend was very tall and he looked short beside him.
I started a travel thirty years ago
When it rains in Tokyo the city becomes a sea and there are some umbrellas in it.
She was thinking and intensely remembering
the flowers moved in all directions under the wind
When I looked at my friend after the storm he was full of enthusiasm.
They were provoking excitement
he was in a blue mood
The wind roared; the waves collided - we were fine.
she made it possible to see the road by night
he felt a mild disappointment
it can take a long time to see justice prevail on injustice
He had a dark fear of sexual desire
He was irritable and angry.
Nobody tries to understand what produced modern civilization.
Faith is something strange and hard to understand.
She was attentive and present to the conversation
He hated failure.
When you were dying you did not believe in what you heard
She is looking for something that is easy to obtain.
i was in despair and the thought of her made things worse
Her joy was strong and intense
they were very sad and cried a lot
You'd better keep away from Bill today because he's happy.
he was so happy his car exploded
the news got you angry.
The economical crisis was the cause of the war
He was received warmly
We still ignore how life was started on our planet
he felt an intense excitement overcoming him
don't mention Tom 's promotion to Mike . It would be a green shoe to a fish
She brought happiness and joy into my life.
We have concealed some interesting facts
life is just a delusion  something illusory
it can take a long time to see justice prevail on injustice
He rendered all my arguments ineffective
The Leviathan in the ocean is small.
the Moon' s light is dimmer and now it has the shape of a bow
the Moon' s light is dimmer and now it has the shape of a bow
the future is a cloudless sky
Technological development is the cause of progress.
During the conflict the first elements of a peace accord appeared.
the girl could still remember that song about sugar
that was a nice and fine song the girl could still remember
she was sure she was reading a fantasy romance and kept deluding herself
At the faculty meeting we watched a comedy show
