When it comes to making desserts you really take the cake.	
Permanent press is a cycle of news laundering.
The girl quit her job at the doughnut factory because she was fed up with the hole business.	
I had an account with a bank in the North Pole, but they froze all my assets.
One can-tanker-ous train railed another, asking, "What are you a-freight of?"	
I tried to finish the leftovers, but ... foiled again.
The local baker was paying his staff based on a flourly rate.	
The computer bug got caught in a spider website.	
The man's pants zipper broke, but he fixed it on the fly.
The cowboy dismounted on the spur of the moment to stirrup some trouble, bridled at being arrested and saddled the sheriff with a bit of a problem.
My trip to the Grand Canyon cost a hole lot of money and gorged my bank account butte it was worth it!
Isn't the Grand Canyon just gorges?	
The lazy musician was told to shake allegro or make himself scherzo.
A friend tried to make me say animal puns today but I thought they were boaring.	
I had an appointment with the chiropractor, but I backed out.
If you find ten cents in each of your pockets be glad of the new paradigms.	
I know a mathematician who could not afford to buy lunch. He could binomial.	
The very cause for varicose veins for cops on beat duty at traffic intersections is 'Standing Orders'.
The policemen said if I didn't pay my library fine he would have to book me.
What was the Ichthyologist doing at the local archives? Looking for micro fiche.
A certain ship's captain was deep and unfathomable.	
A man just assaulted me with milk, cream and butter. How dairy.
The cheap eye surgeon was always cutting corneas.	
Sometimes our Outlook in Life is sent but not received.
Why did the farmer grow so many pumpkins? Because he was gourd at it.
Decimals have a point.	
I once read a book about singularity. It really sucked me in.	
Pencil sharpeners have a tough life - they live off tips.
It's tough to be in the computer business when the chips are down.	
Did you hear of the story about the tornado? There is a twist at the end.	
The priest was very stern during the service last Sunday. After church I was distressed. I then realized that we had experienced critical mass.
The boy who got electrocuted was unable to give a statement because he was still shocked at the incident.
Why did the admiral decide against buying a new hat? He was afraid of cap sizing.	
The calculus teacher tried to keep his students on task, but the class discussion kept going off on tangents.
It's a clumsy reflection of yourself when you break a mirror.
Fifth columnists of the fourth estate rated third grade, play a second fiddle to conspirators with their first-hand information!
Interest has such accrual way of accumulating.
When video arcades switched to a system of tokens, there was no quarter asked or given.
I don't understand what the point of acupuncture is.
The element didn't want to get bonded to its partner. The reason was because it would have to pay compound interest.	
My friend and I are going to ride our bikes to a house party because I don't think we could handle bars.
Two surgeons had a heart to heart.	
I'm prone to lying.
Unable to get help with my refinancing made me a loan wolf.	
The queen told the prince that he was a royal pain.	
When the elevator was invented, it was a step in the right direction.	
Often what separates a good pun, from a great one, is just a matter of 'clause and effect'.
You can't sing with a mouthful of garbanzo beans, so hummus a tune.
After selling a shipment of salt the salesman said 'let's shake on that.'	
The scientist had trouble reducing the liquid, he just couldn't concentrate.
I hate needles, they're the vein of my existence.	
What do you call a dinosaur made of cheese? Gorgonzilla!
Some people don't like food going to waist.	
He would promise to play golf, but he didn't know how to follow through.	
You don't gain wait by the minutes at the dinner table - but the seconds.	
How Long is a Chinese man.	
Two carnivores eat steak when they meat.
Business at the candle factory tapered off after the holidays.
A guy who used to sell boomerangs is trying for a comeback.	
A Hall of Fame recently opened to honor outstanding female soldiers. It was a WAC's Museum.
To run an electrical shop, you need a volting ambition to take charge.
People who work at a mint make a lot of money.	
My trip to the Grand Canyon cost a hole lot of money and gorged my bank account butte it was worth it!
I wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.
If you try and steal some meat from someone at a restaurant, a schnitzel tell on you.
Wow, thanks for the tea. I'm glad I got to Chai it.
When the knight logged onto his computer there was the message, 'You got mail.' It was a chain letter.
The politician is not one for Indian food. But he's good at currying favors.
The international jewel thieves were hard to catch because they had a good ring leader.
Big spenders have a whole lot of purse-onality.
I fired the floor refinishers. They simply could not hold their lacquer.
As I revived her using mouth to mouth resuscitation, in spite of my lisp, I couldn't help noticing her beautiful breaths!
I've stopped gluing formica to particle board. It was counterproductive.	
The constables held the boat thief at bay.
Chardonnay may not be champagne, but it's still wine.
I was looking for something to drink my drink with, I was clutching at straws.	
I'm not one for buoyancy but whatever floats your boat.
The pharaohs of Egypt worked out the first pyramid scheme.	
When the train conductor got unfairly railroaded by his boss, his life immediately began going down the wrong track.
Old colanders never die, they just can't take the strain anymore.
A carburetor specialist had manifold advantages to better his career!
An elevator makes ghosts happy because it lifts the spirits.	
If you can't differentiate a blue collar and white collar worker by his hands, it is callous indifference.
My friend came around for dinner. We ate for 20 minutes, then he fainted again.
I know you brought the wrong rock to our curling match, but we'll let it slide.
Most samurai refused to shave. They were bushi.
They teach sea captains to blow the foghorn on a tutorship.	
Show me a piano falling down a mineshaft and I'll show you A-flat minor.	
Dentists have their own flossify on how to keep teeth clean.	
The race dogs got a bad case of the fleas - they had to be scratched.
To find bargains go where the auction is.	
What was the leader of Russia's favourite food? Czardines!
This is the best guy I've met to date.
I got a nasty electric shock the other day, but I wasn't phased.
The port was very beautiful. The sailors said it was haven on earth.
When he kicked the invoice, it didn't mean he wanted to foot the bill.	
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.	
Motel operators never die, they just check out.
As usual, the chief meteorologist blustered his way through the staff meeting.
The pope, on his 2008 tour in the United States, skipped Mass.	
The electrician and the air hostess got on really well together. Sparks flew!
The shoemaker did not deny his apprentice anything he needed. He gave his awl.
He stole an invention and then told patent lies.	
Even though the chef's girlfriend was grate in many ways. She had a temper that boiled easily, was half-baked and extremely kneady.
When the doctor asked the editor how he was doing, he said he had a problem with his circulation.
The noisy fireworks display in Tibet caused a temporary Lhasa hearing.
The fertiliser business is a growing industry.
Life ain't fair for a baby. They always get the bum wrap!
We've missed our favorite tea at the Chinese restaurant where we often dine, but we've been getting oolong.
Why did the car cross the river with the boat? It was a ford escort.
I met a girl at an internet cafe, but we didn't click.
Iamb a poet.
It's tough to know exactly what some philosophers looked like. Sometimes the only way might be to ex-Hume them.	
Conjoined twins aren't the only twins with special connections.
Grass always grows up.	
I support both of my wives very well. I think that's big o' me.
I applied for a position at the hair-replacement company because I heard there was growth potential.
The coffee tasted like mud because it was ground a couple of minutes ago.
It's not that the man did not know how to juggle, he just didn't have the balls to do it.
The dictator was really upset about the neckwear he had received as a gift. What a tie rant.
Carpet-layers make great dancers - they can really cut a rug!
Guys who drive in retractable convertibles with remote control often hoodwink others!
The golfer guessed that his ball landed 20 feet off the fairway. Of course, that was just a rough estimate.
Doctors' handwriting is often sickeningly ill-egible.	
Ash Wednesday follows Volcanic Tuesday.
A man named Jim Golf offered training on building golf courses called Golf's golf course course.	
What happens when food testers go on strike? Fast Resolution.
To termites, a group of dead trees is an arbor eat'um.	
This diet is wearing me thin.
After his computer problems he decided on a Crash course in security.	
People who listen to long political speeches are bulldozers.
A Hall of Fame recently opened to honor outstanding female soldiers. It was a WAC's Museum.
A waiters union representative is call the chop steward.	
They took soft drinks off the menu just to sprite people.
Geometry shapes my life!
I had a friend that collected police cars, ambulances and fire trucks. It was an estate of emergency when he died.
I'm competing for that stair climbing competition. Guess I better step up my game.
Trichinosis offers eaters of raw pork two choices: cease and desist, or cyst and decease.
A doctor who became a bartender was always giving out shots!	
A baker always put too much flour in his bread because he was a gluten for punishment.	
The plane flight brought my acrophobia to new heights.
Police were called to a daycare where a three-year-old was resisting a rest.	
I finished my trigonometry exam without a secant to lose.
Did you hear of the football coach trained a chicken to fly? He ended up having a personal foul for excessive aviation.
Do you need to draw money? I could offer you a pencil.
Successful dieters might win the Nobelly prize.	
I can't think of any kayak brands, canoe?	
The marine glue manufacturer's plans came unstuck and ended in insolvency.
We've missed our favorite tea at the Chinese restaurant where we often dine, but we've been getting oolong.
The new drive-thru restaurant for golfers insisted on putting greens in all their courses.
I told the psychiatrist that I was afraid of strangers talking about the founder of stoicism. He said I had zenophobia.
When Einstein rode home on a locomotive it was a good train of thought.	
The second hand clock shop had to wind up business as time ran out!
To disparage the wind is disgusting.
During the Christmas shopping season the department store staff became bow legged after wrapping hundreds of gifts.
Why was the orange sad? He had peelings for the apple.	
My mailman should be a comedian, his delivery is perfect!
Yukon dream of living in the north but it isn't worth Aleutian sleep about it.	
If you get sick at the airport it could be a terminal illness.	
After a night out on the town the wine-drinking pirate captain had a port list.
Is an uninfected tooth in a pre-carious state?
Where do Cockney bakers live? The Yeast End.
A man threatened to jump off the side of a building - alledgedly.
Traveling on a flying carpet is a rugged experience.	
Dentists on death fill their last cavity.
He's got a phonographic memory. He repeats the exact same old lines like a scratched record.
A funeral ship is a sea hearse.
Two florists got married. It was an arranged marriage.
Police were called to a daycare where a three-year-old was resisting a rest.	
When the wheel was invented, it caused a revolution.	
The best thing to carry with you when you start feeling tired is a knapsack.
If you do research in optics you will have to do some light reading.	
He tried to sell me glass with imperfections in it, but I saw through it.	
The terrorist's oven was a weapon of mass convection.
Car salesmen compete trying to sell for the lease amount.	
The math teacher was a good dancer - he had algorithm.
You should never take rocks for granite.	
Why did the car cross the river with the boat? It was a ford escort.
Vertical living is flat dwelling.
New lightbulb invented? Enlighten me.
That butler isn't wearing his false teeth. I thought undentured servitude was illegal.
Two geologists were staring at a huge fissure in a cliff face and one was overheard to say 'It's not my fault'.
Crosswords are what you hear when you distract someone working on a puzzle.
My father slept under the bed, I think he was a little potty.
The museum curator was brilliant at judging sculptures and paintings. He displayed art official intelligence.
The professor's explanation of centripetal force was pretty down-to-earth but her explanation of centrifugal force just blew me away.
When a clock is hungry it goes back four seconds.	
A wig van blew up on the motorway - police are combing the area.	
Backups are usually a good thing unless it's a sewer.	
I met a girl at an internet cafe, but we didn't click.
If chickens could choose any car at all to be given to them, they would choose a free Range Rover.
My dog swallowed my engagement ring. I ended up with a diamond in the ruff.
Some car salesmen try and sell rack-and-opinion steering.	
Financial advisers are paid to be right on the money.	
I wanted to have dinner at a native American themed restaurant, but I didn't have reservations.	
What do you get if Basil Brush is eating a four cheese pizza and he catches fire? Mozzarella FireFox.
I didn't want to give the brain surgeon a piece of my mind.	
The conductor lost his train of thought when the caboose derailed.	
Aliens can easily understand each other because their language is universal.
What do you put in an urban garden to watch over your beets? A metrognome.
I once knew a guy who had fish and chips every day for a year. His stomach took a battering.
In some places there is a lot of Manuel labor for every Juan.	
He folded and straightened the money because he wanted a tidy sum.	
I tried talking about our future but she just kept bringing up my past. It was a tense conversation.
A mountain is a hill with attitude.	
I just left the worst food themed theme park ever. Goodbye, Gruel World!
My wife uses a kitchen implement to shred garlic and parmesan cheese, which I hate. It really is the grater of two evils.
One can-tanker-ous train railed another, asking, "What are you a-freight of?"	
I'm going to be discussing global warming next week, it's quite a heated topic.	
On the commodities exchange when the price of corn goes up some farmers are all ears. Others are only interested in the stalk market.	
A weeknight is a tiny nobleman.
Did you hear about the builder, who was retiring, and said to his Son, 'This is all yours now, son.' His son said, sadly, 'I dunno, dad. You're a hard hat to follow!'
I wanted to buy my wife some fancy soap, but she would not have a bar of it.
The diet industry enjoys a heavy bottom line.	
The sum total of our national debt is some total.	
A train load of paint derailed. Nearby businesses were put in the red.	
I decided that becoming a vegetarian was a missed steak.
The White House has many Power drills.	
Cleopatra was the Pharaohs one of all.
Eating oysters can help you increase your mussel tone.
I like vegetables, but my friend doesn't carrot call.	
An alien landed at a soft drink company and said 'take me to your liter'.	
When traveling in the Bermuda Triangle look danger square in the eye, avoid falling into the dreaded Trapezoid and that graveyard of the sea, the Wrecktangle.
Are you willing Tibet I've never seen a yak?	
My first job was peddling designer clothing. I was a Dior to Dior salesman.
My brother wishes he could compose smutty verse as good as mine. Is this scribbling ribaldry?
The phone call interrupted my nap, and I never did get the rest.
I was thinking that hot air balloon operators don't make very good friends. Sure they can be uplifting at times, but in the end they always bring you down.	
Clement Moore was tying his tie before going to Christmas Eve service. He said, 'Twas the knot before Christmas.'
When the town removed billboards, they told people that's how it was designed.
Talking to her about computer hardware I make my mother board.	
He studied water purification and had a great thirst for knowledge.	
The misdirected astronaut wasn't exactly over the moon.
The self-styled pig-farmer charged for cruelty in court of law penned a swine statement that hamstrung the prosecution.
My parents had back to back appointments at the chiropractor.
Food that goes rotten while being transported to the store is un-pallet-able.	
The doorway was crushed when the transom was taken for ransom.
Erasable pens were a good idea on paper.
He was a janitor in the restaurant. He did things under the table.	
Why are you enjoying life while eating hotdogs? Because you're relishing the moment.
The dentist's alibi was full of holes, so the police performed a cavity search.
Despite pressure to clean up their act, most dirtbags live in a vacuum.
The first drinking establishment in Alaska was a polar bar.	
Most state laws don't give a thumbs up to hitch-hikers.
A lot of brave men fought and died in San Antonio, Texas, which is Alamo reason to remember.	
I wanted a car but I couldn't a Ford oneF.
My attempt at starting a street market turned out to be fruitile.
He drove his expensive car into a tree and found out how the Mercedes bends.	
To become a pilot requires a good altitude.	
If you make candles you are going to need a lot of paraffin-alia.
I hate elevators! They just drive me up the wall!
A fat pirate is a vast matey.
Even covered in salad dressing my lettuce looked bare, so I put some cloves on it.
I mixed up the cardiac resuscitation equipment with the lie detector, but I will de-fib you later.
Doctors' handwriting is often sickeningly ill-egible.	
Trust your calculator. It's something to count on.	
These reversing cameras are great. Since I got one I haven't looked back.
The man who survived mustard gas and pepper spray is now a seasoned veteran.
Let's talk about rights and lefts. You're right so I left.	
Don't be mean to nuclear reactors, they might have a meltdown.
A lawyer-turned-cook is a sue chef.
The rumor that only strained orange juice is healthy was a good example of pulp fiction.
My daughter asked me if I was having fun doing the laundry. I replied, 'Loads.'
John Deere has just released its most powerful tractor yet. It is the torque of the town.
How did the Dermatologist and the Dentist afford their new mansion? By the skin of their teeth.	
With only one piece of wood, I tried to convince the fire to light by use of a monologue.
The study of genealogy is a basic requirement for a descent education.
Old colanders never die, they just can't take the strain anymore.
Batman bought a fedora. He wanted to be the capped crusader.
There's a Sin dividing line between heaven and hell.
He was selling palm trees, but people thought it was a shady deal.	
Being a fire-fighter ignited my interest heavily.	
I used my skeleton key to get into the haunted house.
After the Hadron Collider was shut off, the surrounding atmosphere was a little Quarky.
The port was very beautiful. The sailors said it was haven on earth.
The inventor of a hay baling machine made a bundle.	
Exponential equations are a pain in my asymptote.
I tried to learn how to drive a stick shift but couldn't locate the manual.
How do you get yarn out of a snake? Wait until it sheds its skein.
I just got back from my vacation along the northern Oregon coast, and have I got Astoria or two to tell you!
My cavity wasn't fixed by my regular dentist, but by a guy who was filling in.	
The mannequin applied for a job at the day-care centre, it wanted to be a creche test dummy.	
Oops, I jumped into the pool with my watch on. I don't know if it is waterproof or not. I guess only time will tell.
These reversing cameras are great. Since I got one I haven't looked back.
Lightning storms can be very striking.	
If you want to revisit the past, make sure you get back in time.
One of these new shoes isn't right.
After he bought a mirror he became very reflective.	
I bought my wife a really cute bell ringer for the front door - it was a door a bell.
When the drill bit was invented, it was a real turning point.	
I didn't have the faintest idea as to why I passed out.
People who hate the marines are rotten to the corps.	
Some undercover operatives are given blanket approvals!
After dating the goalie on the local team for a while, she realized he was a real keeper.
When they spilled coffee on his neck, he got hot under the collar.	
The lawyer had trouble with the fine print on some documents, so his doctor suggested contract lenses.
The ancient Romans only gathered once a week, because that was enough forum.
Big cities make haze while the sun shines.	
I was scrambling for another egg joke, but I can't seem to whip one up. Guess I'm a bit fried.
Kings worry about a receding heir line.	
The people who knew John Venn liked him, hated him, or a little bit of both.
I kept failing to get a job as a butcher because I couldn't just make the cut.
A Cajun restaurant made all their sauce on one day for the week. The cook roux'ed the day.
If you believe restaurants always overcook steaks, then you probably order them rarely.
What do you do to an open wardrobe? You closet.	
An astronaut broke the law of gravity and got a suspended sentence.	
When the Nomadic tree senses danger it packs up its trunk and leaves.	
The truant officer caught several kids at the ice rink. They were playing hockey.
If you have to pay to go to the river, we'd better stop at the bank.	
The overweight fighter pilot was grounded for violating the rules of engorgement.
The triglyph commented, 'It's friezing in here.'
There is some Confucion about the oldest religion in China.	
When asked about rumors that he owned a bakery, Shakespeare replied, 'It's much a-dough about muffin.'
A man was ambidextrous, he could eat sugar with both hands.	
The crumpled SUV gave evidence of its owner's finely-hooned driving skills.
Many people suffer terribly from hay fever. Isn't this news simply a pollen?
The Jedi Knight traded in his light saber for a light dagger. He had gone over to the dirk side.
Poultry farmers lay-off old layers to set off paltry income!
When one of her grandsons misbehaves the queen is having a bad heir day.
When my ice house falls apart igloo it back together.
In order to talk to a viking you need to know Norse code.	
My wife is a Mensa member and a seamstress - she's a clever sew and sew.
An online poker tournament ended suddenly when the computer cached in its chips.	
Quasimodo bought a Ford Focus. It became known as the hatchback of Notre Dame.
Yogi had a whiskey, water, and tea drink every night. He was a toddy bear.
The ice at the rink has many ruts. I think the maintenance crew is slipping up.
Mischievous lambs post their videos on Ewe Tube.
When the presidential candidates campaign in rural areas, do they take a straw poll? When they campaign in forested areas do they give stump speeches?
The Spanish author would not bring refreshments to his uncles, but he would serve aunties.
To vulcanize is to become like Spock.
Did you hear about the farmer who got attacked by a cow? He milked it for all it was worth.
My wife has a cold. This morning she woke up and had her morning coughy.
A range-finder is a person who goes shopping for a new stove.
I saw a Buddhist lamp. It was very enlightening.
The winter was difficult on the trees, but in the spring they were re-leafed.
I told Riley she eats too many pickles. She said to dill with it.	
I would like to go to Holland one day, wooden shoe?	
In political landscapes the mudslinging precedes the landslides!
I strongly dislike the subject of math, however I am partial to fractions.
Archimedes set out to invent a water pump and screwed it up.
A lawyer-turned-cook is a sue chef.
I knew a woman who owned a taser, man was she stunning!
I've been to the dentist several times so I know the drill.
He has a soft spot for playing hard ball.
Ten years without brushing causes horrible tooth decade.	
The landscaper was looking to improve his portfolio. He was interested in hedge funds.
A car can't make you high, but can a bus?
You gotta be careful of corn at night. They can be early creepy with their husky voices and seedy appearance. Why, they even cob right out and tell you to shuck it right to your face.
I tried hard to get into vexillology, but, in the end, had to flag it away.
Could another name for a tire factory be a tread mill?
A hangman will always keep you in the loop.	
The recent windstorm through the trees was an absolute debarkle.	
The feather dancer was rushed to the hospital. Her boa constricted her.
When I saw the White Cliffs of Dover, I realized that the old saying was true. Chalk is steep.
While delivering 1000 gallons of dark pigment, he almost painted, then blacked out.	
I visited an acupuncturist today. I was done in under an hour, he was quick and to the point.
He kept an alarm clock in the back window of his car. He was always ahead of his time.
After injuring my upper arm and wearing an ice pack, my wife accused me of giving her the cold shoulder.
My friend's bakery burned down last night. Now his business is toast.
The Irish should be rich because their capital is always Dublin.	
Astronauts like to do launch.	
The butcher backed up into the meat grinder and got a little behind in his work.	
An instructor at an ice cream parlor is a sundae school teacher.
The telemarketer asked me if I read magazines at all and I replied that I did, periodically.	
Whoever had the bright idea to invent the flashlight?
She sold freezers by making cold calls.	
If a VIP is asked to take a back seat at the special event, he may take affront.
I knew I had to pay the mobster the money I owed him. It was a matter of life or debt.
Why was the broom having a bad day? He didn't get enough sweep.
Instead of engaging in my own hobbies, my wife has me constantly helping her in her garden. I guess you could say I am pistil whipped.
We're expecting fallout from the recent layoffs at the nuclear plant.
The two inventors of the radio were on the same wavelength.	
My new theory on inertia doesn't seem to be gaining momentum.
I read a poem about wind, it was a blast!	
Bookkeepers are problems for libraries.
Kids who have one to one tuition are in a class of their own.
When the waiter spilled a drink on his shirt, he said, "this one is on me."	
Derringer had one shot at fame.
The new smoking cessation drug is expensive, and it's shrinking city coffers.
I believe I will be able to run my car on politicians promises but I'm having trouble with the fool injection system.
The inventor of the fahrenheit scale solved the problem by degrees.	
Some power saws are a cut above the rest.	
As he approached the bridge in rush hour, his radio played The Car Strangled Spanner.	
I knew I'd passed my thermodynamics exam, when the people who mark the degrees centigrade.
Oil executives are always using crude language.
Need an ark to save two of every animal? I noah guy.	
Making your own hard liquor is a whiskey business.	
The forensic psychologist was irritable because judges and juries tried his patients.
The duke and the count had a fight. The duke was down for the count.	
I was just diagnosed as having a hernia. My wife and kids are setting up a truss fund.
He's too lazy to draw water when the electricity is out. You could call it a lack of well power.	
The cannibal hitman preferred take out food.
The drunk went into the barbershop and said, 'Take a little off the tope.'
My friend said, 'There's a lot of gold in those hills.' I replied, 'That's a load of bullion.'.
When it was hot and sunny I saw a line of blokes outside a hairdressers. I thought what a lovely day to have a barber queue!
I saw a poster for a company offering free quotes, so I called them and asked for something profound.
People in medieval days were always hanging out by the gallows.	
Those that fight the IRS think the government is funded by attacks on income.	
I knew my wife was pregnant when she looked at me with fertilize.
Yesterday I slept on a battery, it was a good power nap.
Selling coffee has its perks for those who have bean so lucky.	
I went out for a run this morning and tripped over, I could have been wearing the wrong size shoes, I haven't seen the footage yet.
Can Napoleon return to his place of birth? Of Corsican.
I got a small ticket for speeding. It's fine with me.
Why did the inclined plane refuse to divorce the fulcrum? He couldn't lever.
Will this computer last five years? Obsoletely!	
When buying a lamp a shady deal usually takes place.
The riot at Macy's was called a shopping maul.	
Which illness are witches most prone to? Crone's disease.
Lazy people worship a bone idol.
A nun who said nightly prayers in the shower did so out of habit.
The girl quit her job at the doughnut factory because she was fed up with the hole business.	
A guy who used to sell boomerangs is trying for a comeback.	
Straw hats are no longer in their hay day.	
Reading music makes me crotchety.	
When a guitarist messes up, he re-chords his mistake.	
He was hit on the head during a hail storm and was knocked out cold.	
I once considered becoming a monk when I was young but I was cloisterphobic.
Low carb diets really go against the grain.	
Deep cuts were made in the guillotine industry and heads rolled.
Packing up and relocating to a new home can be a moving experience.	
Kings worry about a receding heir line.	
When the tornado went through town it was quite a blow.	
The two inventors of the radio were on the same wavelength.	
Going to the dentist can be very full filling.	
Stocks and bonds really hold people down.	
Those who change the color of their food are on a dye-it.	
The saying of a former vice-president is know as an AlGorIthm.	
Don't get lost in the mist or else you won't have the foggiest idea where you are.
Some doting parents are son worshipers.
A person who would make a banking joke is of no account.	
The frog went unnoticed in the milkshake because it blended so well.	
My battery had an alkaline problem, so it went to AA meetings.	
Getting to the second floor of the leaflet warehouse required a circular staircase.
Romance isn't a science - it's a heart.
The government is going to charge for hitch-hiking. Thumb tax.	
A queen was caught gambling. She had a royal flush.	
The flower that wilted was in desperate need of a stem cell transplant.
He dined with her at the local beanery and was immediately inflatuated.
My stuffing was bad, so I got some sage advice.
The dieter was at his width's end.	
One evening King Arthur's men discovered Sir Lancelot's moonshine whiskey operation and shattered the still of the knight.
A shotgun is an exhausted rifle.
The ancient Romans only gathered once a week, because that was enough forum.
What do you call a podium that eats people? Hannibal Lectern.
I used to work as a high school ceramics teacher, but I got too close to the kiln and I was fired.
Some people are on seefood diets: they see food ... they eat it.	
Using fish for currency can achieve an economy of scale.
Rabbits like their beer brewed with a lot of hops.
A gardener's work is a bed of roses.	
The crusty, ill-tempered baker was a scone's throw from becoming toast.
Computer hackers surf the web on keyboards.	
Rental agents offer quarters for dollars.
The marine biology student took a math course called algae-bra.
I tried sleeping at the gym but it was fitful.
The beauty queen is unhappy about her upcoming foreign tour. She will miss America.
The sky has had its color since the first winds blue across it.
When the lumber baron was unable to log in, his business ended in a forced shut down!
Don't waste kindness on a rotary engine - they never reciprocate.
Shakespeare spent so much time at the Globe Theater because he was bored of Avon.
I was looking for something to drink my drink with, I was clutching at straws.	
A baker stopped making donuts after he got tired of the hole thing.	
People who teach drivers' education are roads scholars.
After the winter thaw, the entire neighborhood was able to start a slush fund for next year.
Did you hear about the film editor at Hollywood who had a part-time job at a pizza parlor? He used to ask customers whether they wanted one splice or two.	
We are out of light bulbs. Our home faces a dim outlook.
I went to buy some property with a hill on it, but it was a little steep.	
The inventor of glass decided to see it through.	
The fisherman kept bragging about the big fish he caught, but he would not be very pacific about where he caught it.
Historians have extra-century perception.
My stuffing was bad, so I got some sage advice.
Helen didn't like it even if she gained one troy ounce.	
A sports coat worn on a hike is a trailblazer.
I thought I was investing in sea-going vessels when I bought those Chinese junk bonds.
The stern pirate captain's policy of forcing the worst members of his crew to walk the plank went swimmingly.
My wife is trying to lose weight but continues to frequent the coffee shops for rich beverages and delicacies. You could say she is making a moccary of her diet.
I didn't understand the math, so the teacher summed it up for me.
The mathematician did not practice safe six and ended up with a binarial disease.
My elderly aunt loves telling jokes while she knits. She is a real knitwit.
During an earthquake in California a bank went into default.
Before the revolution, Russia was in a Tsary state.	
My attempt at starting a street market turned out to be fruitile.
A photographer taking pictures of golfers says 'watch the birdie'.	
I have to give a speech on being a vegetarian and omnivorous about it.	
Sign in an electrician's shop � 'We will refuse you.'	
Family feuds are espoused!!
I tried to play the bagpipes, but the sound coming out was off kilter.
An old Indian man was fishing online for puns, with baited breath he waded, until he gave up and decided take a poll and caste from his own line, when he caught a triple entendre.
I couldn't decide which of two physicians to see. It was a paradox.	
The fellow died before he was able to write his estranged daughter out of the will. Death before disown her.
Rabbits like their beer brewed with a lot of hops.
Tautology causes me to worry, stress out and tense up.
Two podiatrists became arch rivals.	
I felt super exhausted after giving blood. It's such a draining procedure.
He would have become a sailor but he didn't want to make waves.	
Couch me if you can, but before that you need to chaise me.
A rule of grammar: double negatives are a no-no.
I don't recommend dating bridge builders, they have truss issues.
French gendarmes don't use yellow crime scene tape but prefer cordon bleu.	
The chimney sweep wore a soot and tye.
The European snow storm was so bad it caused a continental drift.
Whoever invented the girdle got a bum wrap.
A portrayal of dictators on film required a tsar-studded cast.
Have you ever wondered why baseball players get girlfriends? They're great at hitting it off.
A small boy swallowed some coins and was taken to a hospital. When his grandmother telephoned to ask how he was a nurse said 'No change yet'.	
When video arcades switched to a system of tokens, there was no quarter asked or given.
After eating the ship, the sea monster needed an Alka-Seltzer. He said, 'I can't believe I ate the hull thing.'
I used to like Russian dolls until I realised they were full of themselves!
Why do ship captains understand their sons so well? They're able to fathom the depth of their buoys!
The young pine sapling was admonished by his father. Apparently he'd been knotty.
The New York stock exchange has roamin' numerals.	
Valentine's Day is pure cupidity.
If you drive through swamp country you will see swamps going bayou.	
I'm reading a book about black holes by Stephen Hawking, it really draws you in.
The inventor of sandpaper had a rough time of it.	
In the army mess hall, the men were getting fed up.	
The geneticist taught his students how to mendel defective genes.
I like alkyl halides and magnesium, so when they come together I grignards.
What did the mama tire and the papa tire name their baby girl tire? Michelle Lynn.
If you killed dubstep would that make it a deadbeat.	
When the diva's vacuum cleaner broke, she refused to use a broom because it just wouldn't be Hoover.
My friend came around for dinner. We ate for 20 minutes, then he fainted again.
The marine biology student took a math course called algae-bra.
The mechanic at the transmission shop seemed a little shifty.	
Exponential equations are a pain in my asymptote.
Why do archers shoot arrows? Could it be they are trying to get a point across?
The failure of the third largest manufacturer of baby's toys was enough to rattle the entire industry.
To me the prognosis of the proctologist was the beginning of the end!
My dentist is sneaky. He pulled a fast one!
Old calendars are outdated.
Yogi had a whiskey, water, and tea drink every night. He was a toddy bear.
The people stand up for royalty. The queen sits down for royal tea.	
The weather bureau is an umbrella organization.	
When the pharmacist found out her husband was having an affair it was a hard pill to swallow.
A man was driving on an icy, abandoned road when he noticed a road sign with half of it torn clean off. 'That's a bad sign' he thought to himself.
An egg pulls a cart with a yolk.
Television sets in Britain have to cross the English Channel.	
The drug dealer added sugar to his marijuana to sweeten the pot.
Can a Free-Range chicken be cooked on a stove you bought?
Isn't it strange that Sitting Bull fought at Custer's Last Stand?
If you need something done, call an electrician - they conduit.
Carrot is auto rust.
My calculator is broken. It was divided in half.
The cat took up computer lessons in hopes of mastering its grip on a mouse.
Did you hear about the fight at a local Laundromat? A washing machine beat the crap out of a diaper.	
My friend lives by a cliff he's always telling me to drop over.	
A photographer was great at botany because he knew photo synthesis.	
How do construction workers party? They raise the roof.
When the rubber market bounced, it was latex news.
The high school music teacher was quite controversial. He told his students to read band books.
Here is how the track meet is going to run...
When the plant couldn't absorb water properly he sought a xylem.	
A swan's favorite salad is Cobb salad.
The nuclear scientist's career blossomed when she began work on the quantum properties of geranium.
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink.	
I didn't used to like duct-tape at first, but then I became very attached to it.	
A practical Czech is considered to be Praguematic.	
The exhibitionist went to the store because he heard they were having a flash sale.
The astronomer's research project didn't win him the coveted Galaxy Award, but he did receive a constellation prize.	
He's got a phonographic memory. He repeats the exact same old lines like a scratched record.
When I treated my friends to lunch at the Mexican fast food restaurant I had to pay the taco bill.
I asked Kermit the Frog what I should use to join the pieces of metal, but all he said was, 'Rivet, rivet.'
One evening King Arthur's men discovered Sir Lancelot's moonshine whiskey operation and shattered the still of the knight.
Why did the cyclist not win the race? He wasn't pumped up.	
John Deere had a lot of detractors when he announced his invention.
Is a group of fingerprints considered to be a whorl pool?
When a woman returns new clothing, that's post traumatic dress syndrome.
The two pianists had a good marriage. They always were in a chord.
Those who defy the agent of death will face Grim Reaper-cussions.	
The jeweler pinned his hopes on broaching the argument first.	
A bank manager without anyone around may find themself a-loan.	
In War of the Worlds, humans survived the attack because of their unalienable right to life.
The Chinese pizzeria murder mystery genre is a novel dough mein.
What investors have to lose weight? Stocky brokers.	
An artist with the military kept drawing enemy fire.	
Seesaw is how you find a woodcutter.
I thought I packed a memory card for my camera, but I forgot it.
Those who study tornadoes have twistered minds.	
Are Philosophy papers graded with Marx out of ten?
Under doctor's advice, I am laying off eggs for a while.
I visited an acupuncturist today. I was done in under an hour, he was quick and to the point.
Dentists have the same old grind day after day.	
When the doctor asked the editor how he was doing, he said he had a problem with his circulation.
Pencils could be made with erasers at both ends, but what would be the point?
I hated being a math teacher. It was a miscalculated move.	
How do spacemen add more protein to their diet? They make it meteor.
A small pirate ship is called a thug-boat.	
Byte-ing humor can be found reading jokes online.	
A doctor who became a bartender was always giving out shots!	
The miser wasn't able to stop on a dime.
The research assistant couldn't experiment with plants because he hadn't botany.
He got fired at the coffee shop for coming to work in a T-shirt.	
When accountants are left a loan they become very debticated.	
A dermatologist is a flesh man.
When accountants are left a loan they become very debticated.	
A fierce storm blew through the mint. It created quite a windfall.	
When the gastroenterologist retired, he threw in the bowel.
A husband and wife argued over the weather, but it soon blew over.	
What investors have to lose weight? Stocky brokers.	
The scientist had trouble reducing the liquid, he just couldn't concentrate.
In equations with square numbers I can never find the root of the problem.
That soil scientist always travels by himself. He's a loam ranger.
I just bought a pair of bad frequency shoes. I keep doppling over and my foot hertz.
The conductor lost his train of thought when the caboose derailed.	
I got kicked out of cartoon art school. I guess you could say I was in suspended animation.
Things made in Australia are high koala-ty.	
As soon as the airplane was invented, things were looking up.	
The safe was invented by a cop and a robber. It was quite a combination.	
A restaurant owner gave his cooks a stirring speech.	
It is difficult to escape being a peasant because resistance is feudal.
If I had to guess, he was drinking a tequila surmise.
I was overruled at the measuring competition.
The drug dealer added sugar to his marijuana to sweeten the pot.
I wanted to lose weight so I went to the paint store. I heard I could get thinner there.
I decide which beer to drink on a case by case basis.
The correct formula for concrete is worthwhile to cement in your mind.
What kind of crime is committed when a bird is attacked? A featheral offense.
On a long trek nomads use camels to get them over the hump.	
As the farmer passed the gorgeous woman he did everything he could to a tractor attention.
As his little ships sailed on Christopher Columbus didn't tell his crew he felt constantly on edge.
A mountain is a hill with attitude.	
England doesn't have a kidney bank, but it does have a Liverpool	
I wanted to be a urologist, but I wasn't good enough. Oh well, I guess urethra got it or you don't.
Deep cuts were made in the guillotine industry and heads rolled.
The "Titanic" didn't have enough lifeboats, but that was the tip of the iceberg.	
The headmaster removed the schools central heating. He wanted to turn it cold school.	
The politician is not one for Indian food. But he's good at currying favors.
The waiter was shocked when I asked for my salad to be served naked. I explained, no dressing please.
There used to be little snow patches outside my house after a snowstorm. Whenever the sun came out, they had a melt down.	
They argued about their vacation and finally stayed at the last resort.	
What does a king eat while on his throne? Soup of the dais.
I once heard a joke about amnesia, but I forgot how it goes.
Some people like to whine and dine.	
What do you call a piano built in Miami? The Florida Keys.
The best street for locating a gas station is Fillmore Avenue.
The trampoline was on sale for fifty per cent off. Needless to say I jumped on the offer.
With Iowa crows swearing all over the places, the result was statewide caw cusses.
'Where did Anastasia go?'. 'I don't know. She must of been Romanov.'
I couldn't decide which of two physicians to see. It was a paradox.	
When the church posted the new, sped up service schedule on the plaza it was mass times acceleration squared.
An employee got locked in a freezer at the ice cream factory and ended up getting spumonia.
Hannibal crossed the Alps because it was safer than crossing the elephants.
As his little ships sailed on Christopher Columbus didn't tell his crew he felt constantly on edge.
I was too busy drinking to notice that all my cigarettes had gone ashtray.
Why was Farmer Brown angry? Someone got his goat.
Did you hear about the fight at a local Laundromat? A washing machine beat the crap out of a diaper.	
For this tree pun I had to go out on a limb and branch out to some other sources.	
After 5 years with the same chiropractor, I moved and had to change doctors. It was quite an adjustment.
Why is a tower in Paris called the Eiffel Tower? At the top you certainly get an Eye Full.	
A butcher was trying so hard to be funny, but he just wasn't making the cut.
I've failed the mathematics test so many times I lost count.
Nurses who give shots do a great job but sometimes get paid a measle-y salary.	
'Because' is a word to the whys.
Did you hear about the farmer who got attacked by a cow? He milked it for all it was worth.
I saw gasoline selling for one dollar a gallon, but then I saw that March had just ended. It was an April fuel's joke.
Tacks have a very pin point way of hurting.
What you can buy for a dollar these days is absolute noncents.	
When the drummer moved back in next door there were many repercussions.
I yam always very happy to eat sweet potatoes.	
The recycled cartridge business certainly lowered the toner the neighborhood.
When a hospital runs out of maternity nurses they have a mid-wife crisis.	
The first household lubricant was caster oil.	
The grammarian was never late. He was always very punctual.
If you want to live in a small apartment, you should look for a condominimum.
My friend went on a date with a girl called 'Simile'. I asked him how it went. He said it wasn't serious, he just metaphor a coffee.
When I was starving to death, my children gave me a raisin to keep on living.
Drivers who speed in the snow often find themselves adrift.
A lot of money is tainted. It taint yours and it taint mine.	
Early nuclear experimenters discovered an element of surprise.	
Two duchesses were arguing about their husbands. They decided to duke it out.	
Those who invest in chocolate put their money behind bars.	
I went to buy some property with a hill on it, but it was a little steep.	
No one knew she had a dental implant until it came out in a conversation.
Shakespeare's parrot was the bird of Avon.
Of all sports humor, football is my favorite. I get a kick out of the punts.
Automatic machines that compete in sculling are rowbots.
That religious fellow fell for the same scam two times in a row. He is a burned again Christian.
Have you read the book about teleportation? It's bound to get you somewhere.
My desire to be a dermatologist was only skin deep. I knew I was destined for osteology. I could feel it in my bones.
His job in the city sewers ended when he got smell shock and succumbed in the stenches.
I was about to have an affair with Amanda Lynn but there were strings attached.	
So, how's the flower business going? Oh, it's blossoming quite nicely.
Even on Easter Island, most folks would rather croon an oldie than Rapa Nui.
A man who cannot read the sign that warns people from throwing garbage on the ground is illiterate.	
That religious fellow fell for the same scam two times in a row. He is a burned again Christian.
The gingerbread man thought he couldn't be caught, until he met his baker.
The New York stock exchange has roamin' numerals.	
After Thanksgiving dinner, I was as stuffed as a turkey!	
The sky has had its color since the first winds blue across it.
The geologist went to the doctor because he had a loss of apatite.
My sister was telling me about our cousin. I have to say, he sounds familia.
Two tropical fruits fought in a cage match - it was mango a mango.
When the big fish got caught, the jig was up.	
The dentist put braces on his patient as a stop-gap measure.
A new type of broom came out, it is sweeping the nation.	
Tony attempted to join his thin crust pizza company with Zimo's Thick Crust Pizza, but somehow it didn't pan out.
I'm not a big fan of archery. It has too many drawbacks.	
How did I meet Eve you ask? I rescued her from a gutter.
Waiters are good at multiplication because they know their tables.	
The stripper was getting tired of the same old thong and dance.
The carpenter purchased his measuring stick at a yard sale last week.
The anesthesiologist's computer has an ethernet connection.
I've been trying to caption this piece of art but I just can't picture the meaning of it.	
I was going to buy some loose tea, but the price was too steep.
They tore strips off my dog before kicking him off that logging ship. He was disembarked.
Tony attempted to join his thin crust pizza company with Zimo's Thick Crust Pizza, but somehow it didn't pan out.
Wounds heal better if they are covered. This is an example of gauze and effect.
If you lose your hearing, is it ear replaceable?
The librarian didn't know what to do with the book about Tesla's love of electricity, so he filed it under 'Current Affairs.'
When buying a lamp a shady deal usually takes place.
A tree arborist felt needled when asked to branch out and be limber while trimming pine forest last week.
You know prices are rising when you buy a winter jacket and even down is up.
That Italian chef is really annoying. He's making a pesto himself.
A karate school restaurant served mainly chops.	
He hates his job selling used cars, but it's just his lot in life.	
Carrot is auto rust.
A chicken farmer's favorite car is a coupe.
The father who worked as a baker was a real breadwinner.
When the lawyer sued the coffin maker, it was an open and shut case.	
Washing dishes can be very draining.	
He sold a batch of release spray to someone in jail but it was just a silly-con.
With organic whiskey, one may attain the stupornatural.
Someone led me to believe that graphite was discovered in Pennsylvania.
Old carpenters never die, they just lumber around.
Yesterday I accidentally swallowed some food coloring. The doctor says I'm OK, but I feel like I've dyed a little inside.	
The journalist went to Greece to see the ancient ruins and is now writing several columns about them.
If you take a laptop computer for a run you could jog your memory.	
He drove his expensive car into a tree and found out how the Mercedes bends.	
My phone has to wear glasses ever since it lost its contacts.
The cowboy that got fired from his ranch job wasn't crazy, he was just deranged.
The store clerk lost his job, so he set up a kiosk in the mall to vend for himself.
I went to prom with a broken leg. During the slow dances my date could tell that I had a crutch on her.
The drama instructor preferred to travel by stagecoach.
I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger. Then it hit me.	
When William joined the army he disliked the phrase 'fire at will'.	
The best way to make a baseball bat is to carve it by hand. Using a machine is just lathe-y.
The Board of Directors of the Brewery prepared their first draft before commencement!
Having a rude waiter at an Ethiopian restaurant just adds insult to injera.
Hotel sign: Do drop in to the Dew-drop Inn	
Abstinence leaves a lot to be desired.
A king measures his line with a ruler.	
In the old days a suspended sentence was hanging.	
Coins are mint to be.
The author wasn't pleased to see a review of his book on cappuccino's. It said it was all froth and no substance.
The Hobbits were put in charge of collecting highway revenue because they're just so Tolkien.
1000 pairs of underwear were stolen, police were making a brief enquiry.	
Those selling mattresses have a soft sell in the spring.	
How do mountains see? They peak.	
The men who make draperies might be named curt and rod.
If you want a big bang for your dollar, buying balloons is okay, but buying wood to build a fire works.
The newspaper doesn't put in Politics what is Classified.	
A bunch of robins followed the priest wherever he went. Birds of a father flock together.
The coffee around here is break fluid.	
Would a Mormon working for the Postal Service be a Letter Day Saint?
Execution with a noose causes a real hangover.	
I had a job at the bowling alley. Not for long though, I was only tenpin.	
He reminded me the speed limit was 60, but I didn't understand, he was speaking a mile a minute.
Even though the well was a mystery to her, she didn't want to get to the bottom of it.	
Lightning storms can be very striking.	
He studied water purification and had a great thirst for knowledge.	
He often played the violin with his wife, but she never played second fiddle.	
I knew a guy who collected candy canes, they were all in mint condition.
When I heard she bought me a new CD, it was music to my ears.	
I'm competing for that stair climbing competition. Guess I better step up my game.
I had plans to begin reading a book about sinkholes but they fell through.
Claustrophobic people are more productive thinking outside the box.
Environmentalist: expert in computer operating systems.	
Could modern submarines be the wave of the future?	
If towels could tell jokes they would probably have a dry sense of humor.
History has been unfair to Salome. She was just an ambitious young woman who wanted to get ahead.
My grandfather manufactured waistcoats - you might say he had a vested interest.
You don't know anything at all about ancient Egypt? Tut, tut, tut.
The use of drones to deliver magazines will certainly raise some issues.
The magazine about ceiling fans went out of business due to low circulation.
What do people buy coffee with? Starbucks.
You may not take a second polygraph test because they can't be re-lied upon.	
The feather dancer was rushed to the hospital. Her boa constricted her.
An undertaker can be one of your best friends, he is always the last one to let you down.
I like wool gathering for the shear joy of it.
One day at the bar there was a blackout. Good thing I had a light beer.
The produce grocer keeps his eyes peeled for potatoes and slips through bunches of bananas every week at the farmers market.
The IRS left a message on my cell phone that I owed them more money. It was a taxed message.
You heard about drug dealers being interrogated by the police? They do crack.	
When the investor came home from work he was spent.	
Why did the proton blush? It was positively attracted to the electron.
Art theft is a haul of frames.
The concession stand at the circus had very good coffee. It was the greatest joe on earth.
Here is how the track meet is going to run...
To run an electrical shop, you need a volting ambition to take charge.
The chiropractic author wrote a spinal column.
Have you ever wondered why baseball players get girlfriends? They're great at hitting it off.
Had a blood test the other day, it took a lot out of me.
The church insisted on a new seminary graduate. They were looking for greener pastors.
At breakfast, the hacker downloaded cornflakes via his cereal port.
The Hobbit was found at short notice.	
Her bees made such delicious honey, it was said that she could almost work magic with those bees. They called her Beatrix.
If a Monk throws a hissy fit, is it a temple tantrum?
In medical matters it's nurses who call the shots.	
My friend said, 'There's a lot of gold in those hills.' I replied, 'That's a load of bullion.'.
What do you call a doctor who treats retired soldiers? A veteran-arian.	
If you get a fruit basket from your psychiatrist it will probably be shrink-wrapped.	
During his air test a young pilot flew through a rainbow. He passed with flying colors.	
People in medieval days were always hanging out by the gallows.	
If you can't choose between an angry psychic and a sad psychic, you'll have to find a happy medium.
The inept psychic attempted clairvoyance but just couldn't get intuit.
The guitarist passed out on stage, he must have rocked himself to sleep.
Cheap adhesive is tacky.
I don't think I need a spine. It's holding me back.	
I've been eating a lot of pasta lately I think it's becoming a part of my daily rotini!	
I used to be a banker but I lost interest	
A bicycle can't stand on its own because it is two-tired.	
The most important thing to know about becoming a urologist is that you have to be able to go with the flow.	
He was a restaurant critic but had no taste.	
My job as head chef at a top rated restaurant is in jeopardy because my latest culinary creation was called a recipe for disaster.
Sailing, it's a sport that just doesn't float my boat.	
I control the weeds in my lawn with the help of my friend, Herby Side.
A crazy programmer with a cold is a coughing hacker.	
I went to my doctor and told the receptionist that I felt like a deck of cards. She said, 'Have a seat, and the doctor will deal with you when he can.'
My fear of planes has taken off.	
I tried my first soft drink. It was sodalicious!
Chinese sailors eat junk food.	
Novice pirates make terrible singers because they can't hit the high seas.
She only dated hairy men, so I grew a beard to be hirsuter.
I met a quantum physicist the other day, he had a few quarks.	
To me the end result of a can-do attitude is positively candid.
I was upset with my wall climbing abilities, I just couldn't seem to get a grip.	
To golf at your favorite course may require a long drive.	
The lights were too bright at the Chinese restaurant so the manager decided to dim sum.
Had a blood test the other day, it took a lot out of me.
'Where did Anastasia go?'. 'I don't know. She must of been Romanov.'
The cost of a galvanized hull is enough to zinc a ship.
There's a new song out to benefit underprivileged Dervishes. It's called 'We are the Whirled.'
He went on a cheese diet in order to cheddar few pounds.	
Will this computer last five years? Obsoletely!	
Eos is really sad. She is dawn in the dumps.
What kind of flooring do alligator hunters use? Reptiles!
The political analysts I hear the most from are Don Key and Ella Funt.
When my father took the whole bannister down including the newel, he deleted the post.
The water department staff said they would be fluid in answering all mystifying questions asked at a recent meeting.
Even though the chef's girlfriend was grate in many ways. She had a temper that boiled easily, was half-baked and extremely kneady.
The futile search for magnetite became a wild gauss chase.
The cost of the space program is astronomical.	
I've just read a book about a bean growing up in Southern USA. It's called The Adventures of Tom Soya.
The inventor of the stove top was in his element.	
When he proposed to her, she found it very engaging.	
He's too lazy to draw water when the electricity is out. You could call it a lack of well power.	
A weeknight is a tiny nobleman.
Seesaw is how you find a woodcutter.
My only skill is knowing driving directions, but they tell me that's not going to get me anywhere in life.
The busy fish chef had a lox on his plate.
Heavy drinkers put the quart before the hearse.	
The barber opened up a shavings account.
Did you hear about the bivalve they called in to interrogate for that big murder investigation? Apparently, he's clammed up.
Two fonts, Arial and Calibri, were in the midst of a bad breakup. Calibri said, 'I'm sorry, you're personality is too bold.' Arial responded, 'You're just not my type...'
We went to the owls convention and it was a real hoot.	
The streets in the capital of Afghanistan are paved with Kabulstones.
Dentists don't like a hard day at the orifice.	
Old Senators don't die, they just go over the Hill.
The little old woman who lived in a shoe wasn't the sole owner - there were strings attached.
Those that fight the IRS think the government is funded by attacks on income.	
I know a rancher who has 100 head of cattle, but he thought there were only 99 until he rounded them up.
I'm going to the guillotine at dawn and my wife has already collected my severance pay.
Yesterday's high was 78 and the low was 45, but neither were records.
The proctologist reassured the patient that his condition could be rectified.
Low carb diets really go against the grain.	
The duke and the count had a fight. The duke was down for the count.	
When a psychic showed me the girl I'll marry, it was love at second sight.	
The annoying dermatologist was beginning to get under my skin.
I mixed up the cardiac resuscitation equipment with the lie detector, but I will de-fib you later.
When the perfume factory magnate died it was discovered that he didn't leave his heirs a scent.
He was teed off with his bad start, driving the ball almost beyond the green, but he was able to putt it behind him.
Snakes don't drink coffee because it makes them viperactive.	
The topiary artist invested all his money in shears and hedge funds.
She stole the policeman's heart, but he made a cardiac arrest.	
We're not getting anywhere in geometry class. It feels like we're going in circles.
There was a cook that had mushroom for improvement.	
Hangmen always keep their customers in the loop.	
When the Grim Reaper sweeps through, we have a brush with death.
The race car driver had a checkered past.
Some Spanish government employees are Seville servants.	
He frequently practices furtive looks to operate at peek efficiency.
The angry chef felt sheepish after he had lambasted the mutton.	
If a waiter doesn't succeed he has to tray tray tray again.	
The museum curator was brilliant at judging sculptures and paintings. He displayed art official intelligence.
They threw a party for the inventor of the toaster. And he was toasted.	
I'm just off to see my shrink - hope to be back shortly!
My student was late for class, claiming he was in the washroom. I think he was stalling.
The chef slipped and broke his prime rib.	
I searched for designer compression stockings. My wife says it is because I'm so vein.
What's the difference between a Shaker and a Quaker? About two points on the Richter Scale.	
The hand surgeon went to the opthamologist to be examined for carpal tunnel vision.
Dentists have the same old grind day after day.	
Trench warfare should always be a last ditch effort.	
The big city reporter did not impress the Idaho potato farmer, after all he was just a commentator.
His head may have been 12 inches long, but he didn't use it as a rule.
He reminded me the speed limit was 60, but I didn't understand, he was speaking a mile a minute.
What do you call an expensive shoe? A cashew.	
Rejection is all about who you no.	
Caesar thought it would be smart to walk through the forum one evening. Beware the ideas of March.
Outdoor lights were put up at a golf course - for people who liked swinging nightclubs.	
The inventor of the incubator was the first hatch-it man.
Are you a sleepy skeleton? Because you look bone tired.	
Some cardinals got their feathers ruffled when the pope gave away the church's nest egg to the poor.
When a clock is hungry it goes back four seconds.	
I raised my intelligence using my cranium.	
My cartography job is really going to put me on the map.
The author wasn't pleased to see a review of his book on cappuccino's. It said it was all froth and no substance.
The local baker was paying his staff based on a flourly rate.	
I was fighting a Dragon, easier slayed then done.
I knew a guy who collected candy canes, they were all in mint condition.	
Digest is morbid humor.
Crane drivers have uplifting pick-up lines.
The most popular operation for orthopaedic surgeons is upper-leg surgery: very hip.
I find meditating on Descartes and Houdini so liberating, but the reason escapes me.
Whenever the nurses have a bad day they just keep needling people.
You should never drink beyond the pint of no return.	
I couldn't decide whether or not to make spiced apple cider, so I mulled it over.
The next iPhone will be a huge 6s!
I decided not to go to Pisa, but I was leaning towards it.
I had trouble getting to the University in New Orleans. I had to drive down a two lane road.
A man walked into a chimney store and asked 'How much for this one?'. The salesman replied 'It's on the house.'
He was arrested for throwing bombs from a boat, but they dropped the charges.	
If a fraternity open a coffee shop they would specialize in fratacinno.
When the investor came home from work he was spent.	
Why did the pig quit running the marathon? He had a problem with his hamstring.
When the drummer moved back in next door there were many repercussions.
Petra the Muscovite was gneiss to a fault but stony when taken for granite.
Sometimes our Outlook in Life is sent but not received.
When does a farmer dance? When he drops the beet.
A practical Czech is considered to be Praguematic.	
Someone said my strobe light was very flashy.	
When some coins fell into the batter it turned out to be a rich cake.	
Never ask a podiatrist for conversions to metric - he only knows feet.
When two bakers traded buns they had a roll reversal.	
Did you hear about the lost sausage? It was the missing link.
Did you hear about the lost sausage? It was the missing link.
She didn't like her masseuse, she rubbed her the wrong way.
The spear-fisherman can be a real pain in the wrasse.	
He couldn't decide whether to accept a job in mattress sales so he decided to sleep on it.	
The inventor of the fahrenheit scale solved the problem by degrees.	
Never invest in funerals, it's a dying industry.
Reassembling the skeletons of prehistoric mammals can be a mammoth undertaking.
The boy's guitar teacher helped him pick up his skills.
As he approached the bridge in rush hour, his radio played The Car Strangled Spanner.	
The optometrist moonlighted as a jazz musician so he could continue to improve-eyes.
With Iowa crows swearing all over the places, the result was statewide caw cusses.
When one of her grandsons misbehaves the queen is having a bad heir day.
Dutch shoes used to be made in a factory machine, until it got clogged up.
The two people on the liquor license board called all the double shots.	
I know a mathematician who could not afford to buy lunch. He could binomial.	
Old grave-diggers never die, they just get buried in their work.	
Two peanuts were walking in a tough neighborhood and one of them was a-salted.	
Marriage is hard but divorce usually goes off without a hitch.
I'm not one for buoyancy but whatever floats your boat.
The deer grabbed the gun and gave the hunter a taste of his own venison.
How can you get a drywall plasterer to finish the job? They barely start and then they stop.
When a female sheep turns around and goes the other way it makes a ewe turn.
A rule of grammar: double negatives are a no-no.
I went out with a coal miner's daughter. I guess you could say I was carbon dated.
Anyone hear about that dictionary that fell into the river? It was un-a-bridged.	
Garbage collectors are rubbish drivers!
The weigh-in at the Sumo wrestling tournament was a large scale effort.
I was accused of stealing a house, but all charges were dropped as the claims were without foundation.
There was a dentist who was convicted of incisor trading.	
We were going to ship a truck load of food, but we found it just wasn't palatable.
When computer programmers are hungry they take mega-bites.	
I caught these potatoes smoking weed, one could say that they're baked potatoes.	
The intelligent entrepreneur's idea for designing catapults meant that his boss was completely thrown.
People who see a psychiatrist should get their head checked.	
The shareholders of a compass manufacturer were concerned that the company wasn't heading in the right direction.
Economists report that garden centers are attempting to stem a fall in the sales of fresh flowers.
I'm just off to see my shrink - hope to be back shortly!
You're good with money? You must come from good stock.
My calculator is broken. It was divided in half.
The gourmet diner after consuming several plates of fish eggs, developed a caviar attitude about appetizers.
Trust your calculator. It's something to count on.	
What do you call Batman disguised as a pastry chef? The Crepe'd Crusader.	
The nomadic tribe had to settle for their current leader until they could find a Bedouin.	
You don't gain wait by the minutes at the dinner table - but the seconds.	
Purchasing land in Baton Rouge won't bayou a thing.	
Selling gasoline too cheaply would be fuelish.	
Car salesmen compete trying to sell for the lease amount.	
Bauxite refining is a secret carefully guarded by the aluminati.
The window company said it was pane full to reduce prices but they want to sill any deal possible.
When Mongolians walk they like to take big steppes.	
The elderly chef retired because his sage was showing.
Never make fun of a Scotsman's traditional garb. You could get kilt that way.
I met the woman of my dreams at the base of Mount Vesuvius. She is the lava my life.
I think a job as a shoe salesmen would be your best fit.
Nurses who give shots do a great job but sometimes get paid a measle-y salary.	
When the church posted the new, sped up service schedule on the plaza it was mass times acceleration squared.
Spray paint sells for a good mark up.	
The knight stood on the shoulder of the road, looking at his disabled car. He shook his head and said, 'Chevrolet is dead.'
Resale means to go yachting again.
When the CEO dropped his brownie on the calculator, was he trying to fudge the numbers?
At his trial, the author needed a character witness.
I think every morning that I'm going to make pancakes, but I keep waffling.
The Junior NCO had sore wrists. The doctor said it was corporal tunnel syndrome.
Ever since my mineral extraction facility was converted to parking, I've had a lot on my mine.
Are people that live in both the Arctic and Antarctica called pollsters?
If you spend too much time in the coffee shop you'll be latte for work.
The FBI needs to employ a number of cleaning agents.	
Do dentists of foreign extraction pull teeth rootinely?	
I met a quantum physicist the other day, he had a few quarks.	
When a hospital runs out of maternity nurses they have a mid-wife crisis.	
My blind date's not looking good.
Some car salesmen try and sell rack-and-opinion steering.	
I think I screwed up with the construction. I couldn't nail it.
How does an investor get clean socks? He goes to the stock exchange.	
People in Switzerland can't learn to ski without a lot of alp.	
Stir-fry cooks come from all woks of life.
The cat took up computer lessons in hopes of mastering its grip on a mouse.
I thought about studying astronomy for university but I knew I would just be taking up space.
He was a janitor in the restaurant. He did things under the table.	
The one who invented the door knocker got a No-bell prize.	
A butcher was trying so hard to be funny, but he just wasn't making the cut.
Teaching history is old news.
When Caesar entered the Senate all hail broke loose.
The book about Teflon contained no frictional characters.
A chicken farmer's favorite car is a coupe.
If you accidentally leave your fly down on a promising date, does that count as a Freudian zip?
I can't drink milk. I lactose genes required to digest it.
I got a deal on a new computer, and they threw in the operating system to boot.
High school grammar books are parse for the course.
Did you hear about the film editor at Hollywood who had a part-time job at a pizza parlor? He used to ask customers whether they wanted one splice or two.	
My grade in Marine Biology is below sea-level.
A sports coat worn on a hike is a trailblazer.
Those who aim torpedoes are always ready to press charges.	
In my will I've requested that envelopes be sent out full of chick-pea paste. It'll be done posthumously.
When buying a battery you should never have to charge it.	
Dermatologists are very competitive. They all have skin in the game.
The inventor of the balloon was full of hot air.	
Sailing is like oil drilling because they're both crewed businesses.
Ralph was kicked off the skydiving team because he couldn't chute straight.
A high-class Lakota cook is a Sioux chef.
The patient decided against an organ transplant. Instead, he changed his mind.
Then there was the dictator who wanted to conquer the world, but was delayed while counting the feet of his soldiers. His was a toe-tally tarrying regime.
I'll never forget that rainstorm near Los Angeles and how the rain came down in Torrance.
Slimmers are all losers.
If you discover a planet you're in the inner circle.	
The key to the success of all musicians of note is their ability to stay composed while performing at a level that can't be beat.
The gunman took a shot at new opportunities.
I just left the worst food themed theme park ever. Goodbye, Gruel World!
Don't let a candy seller sweet talk you.	
Abrupt appearance of sinkholes is ground breaking news for media men!
Vines are extremely short-tempered. They snap at the slightest wind.
A ship's captain is a sails manager.
When the cigarette lighter salesman tried to win back his old flame he found that he had met his match.
When the prisoner was told by his lawyer that he had gotten a stay of execution, he smiled and said, 'Well, no noose is good noose.'
If we canteloup lettuce marry!	
Back in the days when the guillotine was first used, people wondered, is this what we may beheaded for in the future?
My cousin has a callus on only one foot. Does that make her a unicorn?
My friend and I are going to drive across the southern states of America, just to see how long it Texas.
The tale of the haunted refrigerator was chilling.
Walter struggled with stopping his car in driving school. You might say he was breaking bad.
The triangular computer monitor business was just a big pyramid screen.
I went out with a coal miner's daughter. I guess you could say I was carbon dated.
When asked to picture the perfect modern defensive weapon the Claymore springs to mine.
The chimney sweep wore a soot and tye.
Old sailors never die, they just get a little dinghy.	
The philanthropist built a town and named it 'Generocity'.
I thought Santa was going to be late, but he arrived in the Nick of time.
When the lawyer sued the coffin maker, it was an open and shut case.	
People in Switzerland can't learn to ski without a lot of alp.	
Issue of first day cover almost ended in a stampede.
A synthesis is an essay about transgressions.
A tree arborist felt needled when asked to branch out and be limber while trimming pine forest last week.
I used to have a bad record with soap, but now my slate is clean.
When I learned what the gun lobby was doing, I went ballistic!
If you drive a train, you can't afford to lose track.	
A car can't make you high, but can a bus?
I am really getting tired of sleeping jokes!
The philosophy student got an 'F' the day he forgot to turn in his Hume work.
Benny was sure that if he had to he could master braille once he got a feel for it.
Can a physicist read the periodic table? Isotope so.
The stock market crashes, but Viagra beats the flop.
A nun who said nightly prayers in the shower did so out of habit.
The political calculus of integrating financial derivatives is not going to yield much.
I got a deal on a new computer, and they threw in the operating system to boot.
Scarecrows are always garden their patch.	
The chicken knew the first leg of his trip would take him to Buffalo. From there he would wing it.	
Plane crashes into lumber yard, end result remarkably smooth.
I think my dad was frightened when he started using Rogaine. He said it was a hair-raising experience.
I'm struggling to catch my breath while I'm struggling to lose my breadth.
When our fraternity voted whether or not to permit alcohol, there was not a dry aye in the house.
Oil executives are always using crude language.
Why do archers shoot arrows? Could it be they are trying to get a point across?
Even though Catholics in space are weightless, do they have mass?
Snakes don't drink coffee because it makes them viperactive.	
What top does an astronaut wear to the moon? Apollo shirt.
What do you call a pig in a rickshaw? Pulled pork.
The poor speller tried to express his reluctance to repeat sixth grade, but words failed him.
The store keeps calling me to come back and buy more bedroom furniture, but all I really wanted was one night stand.
He would have become a sailor but he didn't want to make waves.	
Personal ads on the Internet are a kind of dater-processing.	
I might study something at a university that someone once told me about - there is a degree of ambiguity there.
I opened a shop selling budgerigars. They're flying off the shelves.
I finished my trigonometry exam without a secant to lose.
There was something going on in the bathroom, but I wasn't privy to the details.
My wife wanted me to take her to visit Northern Canada but I was having Nunavut!
I'm reading a book about mazes, I got lost in it.	
Although there were bombs everywhere at the party, it was still a blast.
To vulcanize is to become like Spock.
The violinist spent the night in a vile inn.
When the orchard owner went to trial he was judged by a jury of his pears.
A moat protects a castle in a round-about way.
If a Norwegian robot analyzes a bird, it Scandinavian.	
Two airline pilots in a stand-up comedy did a takeoff.	
Coffee has bean the grounds of many a heated and strong discussion.	
The killer followed the psychopath into the forest where he was surrounded by the copse.
When a neurologist relocates, does he change his mind?
Guerrilla warfare is more than just throwing a banana.	
I went to a buffet dinner with my neighbor, who is a taxidermist. After such a big meal, I was stuffed.
The miser wasn't able to stop on a dime.
Securities are the cause of many people's insecurities.	
Washing dishes can be very draining.	
Diets are for people who are thick and tired of it all.	
What happened to the rich guy with the double chin? He made a four chin.
There was a sale at the fish market today. I went to see what was the catch.
A doorbell salesman joined the choir, and chimed right in.	
There was once a cross-eyed teacher who couldn't control his pupils.	
A fish became a waiter, and he liked people to tip the scales.	
If a barista is not allowed to make espresso she will lose her tamper.
Two needles of different length will never see eye to eye.
Dr. Heimlich manoeuvred through the traffic choke-point near San Juan Capistrano and waited expectantly for a swallow.
Computers at breakfast food companies use serial i/o.	
The inventor of a hay baling machine made a bundle.	
Did you hear about the pilot who always had work? He was great at landing a job.
I got a great bargain the other day when I bought a forklift for half-price. It's amazing what you can pick up these days.
Tried some bear stew. It was a little grizzly.
You can raze a tree with a lumber jack.
I quit gymnastics because I was tired of hanging around the bars.
What happened to the rich guy with the double chin? He made a four chin.
Need an ark to save two of every animal? I noah guy.	
Two clock makers argued and got ticked off.	
The defendant in a coffee theft trial refused to testify on the grounds that could incriminate him.
Having a rude waiter at an Ethiopian restaurant just adds insult to injera.
I wrote a song about small, burrowing animals. I decided it was time to gopher baroque.	
Psychiatrists and rectal doctors deal with odds and ends.	
Any golfer will tell you the gospel truth. Your next shot always depends on the lie.
A certain ship's captain was deep and unfathomable.	
What happens when food testers go on strike? Fast Resolution.
The British cannibal enjoyed snacking on fish and chaps.
Psychopaths always see amoral in the story.
A restaurant in financial trouble expanded and turned the tables.	
The "Titanic" didn't have enough lifeboats, but that was the tip of the iceberg.	
Amenities - the Greek goddess of luxury.
Land surveyors do not retire they scale down and plan their final plot before they get landed into it!
I tried break dancing in a china shop and got bullish results.
This is the best guy I've met to date.
Never hire a depressed exorcist - they're not very good at lifting spirits.
Technically speaking a programmer's favorite subject with his boss is usually arrays.	
A cloud is most likely to snow when it's relaxed. At that time it's pretty chill.
Podiatrists like legumes and tomatoes!
When the rubber market bounced, it was latex news.
You would think that being a submarine captain would pay well, but I hear they can't keep their heads above water.
Did you hear about the tire dealer that had a blowout sale?	
Home page: when your family makes your beeper go off.	
Early stone tools had many problems that were eventually ironed out.
I just had some coffee that was good only for its sedimental value.	
When asked what it takes to be a great cook the chef said that it boils down to beating the other chefs to the cutting edge recipes.
After the lawyer flushed the toilet, it went to the suer.	
Traveling on a flying carpet is a rugged experience.	
I didn't know which hammer to get, but I think I nailed it.
After a night out on the town the wine-drinking pirate captain had a port list.
The debate about unmanned aircraft strikes just keeps droning on.
After punching his computer and breaking his hand, the guy required tech knuckle support.
The defendant in a coffee theft trial refused to testify on the grounds that could incriminate him.
I wanted to lose weight so I went to the paint store. I heard I could get thinner there.
An artist with the military kept drawing enemy fire.	
Bill Gates took advantage of his Windows of opportunity	
My wife is feeling better after getting her appendix removed. Unfortunately, she will never be able to reference this chapter of her life.
The king of diamonds proved hard to deal with.
I decide which beer to drink on a case by case basis.
What do you call a melon that's not allowed to get married? Can't elope.	
At a furniture makers convention there's a lot of round-table and table-top discussions.
The librarian didn't know what to do with the book about Tesla's love of electricity, so he filed it under 'Current Affairs.'
The joke backfired, but it fired back again.
The Egyptian cinema usherette sold religious icons in the daytime. Sometimes she got confused and called out, 'Get your choc isis here!'
I told my friend about the creative writing class I took, and she said that she had a simile experience.
There are a lot of bakeries on the yeast coast.	
The man shed a tear as he saw his old storage space come down.
A small pirate ship is called a thug-boat.	
Those who polish cars so that they shine work in a buffer zone.	
The crusty, ill-tempered baker was a scone's throw from becoming toast.
Issue of first day cover almost ended in a stampede.
I should have been sad when my flashlight batteries died, but I was delighted.
I support both of my wives very well. I think that's big o' me.
I tried talking about our future but she just kept bringing up my past. It was a tense conversation.
In-laws are merger acquisitions.
Finding area is an integral part of calculus.
The magician got so mad he pulled his hare out.	
Though humble in secular matters, the minister had an altar ego.
Whoever invented the girdle got a bum wrap.
When the farmer died, all his chickens were sold to the highest bidder. They would have preferred to stay on the farm, but auctions speak louder than birds.
The fine print is usually a clause for suspicion.	
A clumsy physician who pretends to care is a hypocritical oaf.
A carpenter must have been here. I saw dust.
Where do cavemen store their weapons? In the clubhouse.
If you think you are a set of curtains, either see a psychiatrist or pull yourself together.	
My boyfriend and I started to date after he backed his car into mine. We met by accident.
It was a sad day for the rattlesnake family, the time had come for the children to strike out on their own.
Having my hair cut for free is the only fringe benefit I receive.
The calculus teacher tried to keep his students on task, but the class discussion kept going off on tangents.
When you buy a cork board, do you pay thumb tax?
Insulting an East Indian chef will bring you bad Korma.
The dictator was really upset about the neckwear he had received as a gift. What a tie rant.
After the test drive, the car salesman drove home his point.	
I've stopped gluing formica to particle board. It was counterproductive.	
I heard the new auto body shop that opened comes highly wreck-a-mended.
You may not take a second polygraph test because they can't be re-lied upon.	
In a club filled with booze, I make the crowd cheer.
I like alkyl halides and magnesium, so when they come together I grignards.
My coach got stung by a bee. The next day he had hives.
Weather forecasters have to have lots of degrees.	
I asked somebody a question about pi, their answer was never ending!
One day at the bar there was a blackout. Good thing I had a light beer.
The new restaurant owner was told to invite a warehouse staff for lunch because he heard they have good pallets.
Two nurses had a lot of bad blood between them.	
A prefix is what a man does just before his wife has a word with a tradesperson.
The two pianists had a good marriage. They always were in a chord.
Finding all possible logical relations between a finite collection of sets is not a matter of If but Venn.
I really would put my wife on a pedestal if she wasn't so afraid of heights.
I got a gold filling and put my money where my mouth is.
I went to the dentist without lunch, and he gave me a plate.	
Big spenders have a whole lot of purse-onality.
Proper punctuation can make the difference between a sentence that's well-written and a sentence that's, well, written.
What do you get when you cross a snake and a plane? A Boeing Constrictor.
I thought I saw an eye doctor on an Alaskan island but it turned out to be an optical Aleutian.	
The two geologists lived only a stone's throw apart.
A restaurant in financial trouble expanded and turned the tables.	
The element didn't want to get bonded to its partner. The reason was because it would have to pay compound interest.	
I was going to tell you a joke about infinity, but it didn't have an ending!	
How does the earth get clean? It takes a meteor shower!
Garbage collectors are rubbish drivers!
When vegetables want to converse with petunias, they use a cell phone and cauliflower.	
I have invented crockery that comes to me when I whistle. My cup runneth over.
I had a problem with my boiled egg this morning. I've cracked it now!
Corporal Morel, always the life of the party, was a fun GI.
My rechargeable batteries are revolting.	
An umbilical cord is a navel vessel.
The Spaniard's wife was always up before the Don.	
I had a novel idea for a new book but got in a bind so I shelved it. It's time to start a new chapter now.
I'm not happy with this Origami clothing. It always looks creased no matter how carefully I fold it.
Although the maestro broke his wand at a farmer's market recital, he still conducted with a plum.
A lot of dieting is wishful shrinking.	
Navy regulations prohibit underwater promotion to the ministry, doing so would constitute insubordination.
A moat protects a castle in a round-about way.
If I had to guess, he was drinking a tequila surmise.
The carpenter came round the other day, he made the best entrance I have ever seen.
The other day I held the door open for a clown. I thought it was a nice jester.
I was only on the military base from dusk to dawn, but it seemed like a fort night.
How do I handle change? I put it in the parking meter.
She was the apple of his eye and he liked to sit down be cider.	
The Vatican's supplier of duck eggs is elected by sacred balut.
Studying earthquakes rocks, but sometimes it is not always what it is cracked up to be.
The invention of a shirt fastener after the button was a snap.	
Before the scientist discovered taste buds, they were on the tip of his tongue.	
You don't know anything at all about ancient Egypt? Tut, tut, tut.
They served lunch at the auto repair shop, but I didn't eat it. It was full of carbs.
Drinking too much of a certain potent potable may require a leave of absinthe.
When does a farmer dance? When he drops the beet.
She sold freezers by making cold calls.	
Promiscuous is the Greek Goddess of liberal favors.
I stink at fractions. I'm not half as good as the class.	
Yesterday's high was 78 and the low was 45, but neither were records.
My best friend and I attended culinary school together and then opened our own restaurant. I guess we are taste buds.
When you purchase stuff south of the border, you don't Peso much.
I can Harley wait to get my motorbike license.
An online poker tournament ended suddenly when the computer cached in its chips.	
The queen's favourite chef was knighted Sir Loin.	
Piano players are considered to be Baldwin they lose their hair.
Where do fish buy cool clothes? At Albacore and Fish.
The king never let any of his personal musicians go swimming immediately after eating for fear that they would get minstrel cramps.
There was a ghost at the hotel, so they called for an inn spectre.	
A spacecraft took pictures of Mars and Saturn and got the best of both worlds.	
The author's lawyer defended her rights in the book case.
The Pinwheel joke didn't go around fast enough.	
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
I read a poem about wind, it was a blast!	
They threw a party for the inventor of the toaster. And he was toasted.	
I had a tough time working as a garbage collector because of miasma.
Those who defy the agent of death will face Grim Reaper-cussions.	
My first job was peddling designer clothing. I was a Dior to Dior salesman.
He dropped a computer on his toes and had megahertz.	
The state police highway officer worked tirelessly in the heavy rain to assist a lady whose car was stuck in a ditch. He was a real trooper.
My wife tells me I'm a skeptic - but I don't believe a word she says.	
After a berry successful attempt to produce a new line of crops, her dreams came to full fruition.
I used to be afraid of purchasing residential property for the purpose of renting, but now I have an apartment complex.
My skiing skills are really going downhill.	
The bank robber looked so peaceful and innocent lying there under his big fluffy blanket. Just goes to show you, you can't judge a crook by his cover.
When there are auto accidents in Sudan the vehicles go the the Khartoum.	
England doesn't have a kidney bank, but it does have a Liverpool	
That convicted killer is calm today, but by tomorrow he will be high strung.
Purchasing land in Baton Rouge won't bayou a thing.	
When Socrates needed to buy food he went to the grocery stoa.
Did you hear about the owl that fell for twin comedians and had two wits to woo?
My new girlfriend and I are moving together into a tree house, I hope we won't fall out.
A chiropractor's patients must crack under pressure.
The inventor of shag carpet made a big pile.	
When he switched from horses to sailing, his life took on a new tack.	
The doctor blood-tested secretarial candidates before hiring to eliminate type-O's.	
When the Grim Reaper sweeps through, we have a brush with death.
When Mongolians walk they like to take big steppes.	
Epitaphs are engraved!
I usually take steps to avoid elevators.
Only the squares are doing well in geometry class. It's their area.
I would like to go to Holland one day, wooden shoe?	
Do you know how winter coats are insulated? They are down loaded.
Why is tea so therapeutic? Because boiling the water raises your self of steam.
'I got lost in the streets of Paris,' he said ruefully.
The novice executioner couldn't get the hang of it.	
Power drills have been improved bit by bit.	
I was kicked out of math class for one too many infractions.
When I go to West Africa I'm Ghana make sure Togo to Mali and then I can say I've Benin Timbuktu.
Some diets cause a gut reaction.	
How do you find a missing train? Follow the tracks.	
John Deere has just released its most powerful tractor yet. It is the torque of the town.
I saw a beaver movie last night, it was the best dam movie I've ever seen.
The thing about vampires is they always have such biting humour.
The best place for a mathematician is behind a counter.
When Irish boys carry their little brothers, they get a Pat on the back.	
A scientist who wanted a tattoo got a skin graph.	
A prefix is what a man does just before his wife has a word with a tradesperson.
Getting rid of your boat for another could cause a whole raft of problems.	
Scientists wanting to send a rocket to Jupiter had to really planet.	
'We've got the best marriage' is a hitching boast.
Due to inclement weather, the sandwich shop wrapped up early Tuesday night.
My noodle soup doesn't taste that good. It really laksa certain quality.
Driving while using a cell phone is veer-inspiring.
If you get too thin you just might be a human bean.	
If you have to pay to go to the river, we'd better stop at the bank.	
Abrupt appearance of sinkholes is ground breaking news for media men!
The orthopaedist slipped outside for a break.
A phishing hacker was hooked on line by cops!
My wife is a Mensa member and a seamstress - she's a clever sew and sew.
An invisible man marries an invisible woman. The kids were nothing to look at either.	
When Einstein rode home on a locomotive it was a good train of thought.	
Even though his driver and woods had been stolen, the golfer continued to play 72 straight holes for charity. He was truly an ironman.
Global warming campaigners lament the invention of the infernal combustion engine.
The passenger couldn't find where his next flight was, but then he made the connection.	
The coffee around here is break fluid.	
I read a book about gravity, it was a heavy subject.	
On Valentine's Day flower prices rose to the occasion.
If you walk along a railroad track you may soon feel run down.	
Sleeping comes so naturally to me, I could do it with my eyes closed.
She got fired from the hot dog stand for putting her hair in a bun.
People who eat their apples stem and seed and all improve their core values.
All students in Helsinki go to Finnishing school.	
He couldn't sell his pirate ship because it was unassailable.	
That really nice fellow works in a clothing factory sewing zippers on jeans. That is good. He wouldn't hurt a fly.
When his wife asked for wooden walls in the basement, they had a panel discussion.	
When a psychic showed me the girl I'll marry, it was love at second sight.	
A jewelry salesman was nicknamed The Ringleader	
Flying these days is a frisky business.	
Professional rock climbers, the only people paid to get high.	
Steve was such a great con man that he made millions by selling his book 'The Path to Logical Lying'.
When they spilled coffee on his neck, he got hot under the collar.	
Some Spanish government employees are Seville servants.	
Never discuss infinity with a mathematician, they can go on about it forever.
You've got more issues than Time magazine.
The predatory prawn shop skinned many an octopus alive and put a lot of suckers on squid roe.
A chiropractor's patients must crack under pressure.
The ultimate liquid measure is the supreme quart.	
I think my toothbrush has been stolen by a demon. Hells teeth!
I really like the music by The Cars, you auto listen to it.
To find bargains go where the auction is.	
The artist's favorite swimming technique was the brushstroke.
Cryptographers make terrible drummers. They just sit there, fascinated by all the cymbals.
It was an emotional wedding. Even the cake was in tiers.	
My mom ran out of poultry seasoning so she winged it.
Hawaii vacationers are here today, gone to Maui.	
To curb wastage of water during showers everyone at the hostel was given a shower cap!
I saw gasoline selling for one dollar a gallon, but then I saw that March had just ended. It was an April fuel's joke.
The glider pilot radioed that he had caught the jet stream in a long-winded message.	
I tried wrapping Christmas presents, but I didn't have the gift.	
The mass of a ship is measured in keelograms.
When the cannibal showed up late to the luncheon, they gave him the cold shoulder.	
As the carburettor chuckled to the air filter, 'I guess the choke's on me!'
'We've got the best marriage' is a hitching boast.
People have a happy time vacationing in Ireland because they are walking on Eire.	
Since I've taken the job in The Everglades I've been swamped!
My elderly aunt loves telling jokes while she knits. She is a real knitwit.
Two fur traders once took a golfing trip together. They played a skins match.
I don't mind kids playing hopscotch in most places, but my driveway is where I draw the line.
At first the paratroops didn't obey orders, but finally they fell in line.	
I was kicked out of math class for one too many infractions.
Anyone hear about that dictionary that fell into the river? It was un-a-bridged.	
My father slept under the bed, I think he was a little potty.
I told Riley she eats too many pickles. She said to dill with it.	
A psychiatrist on a hike fell into a depression.	
Sailing, it's a sport that just doesn't float my boat.	
What do you call a mean Ancient Egyptian leader? Un-fair-oh.
The leader of the sauce council is the mayor naise.
Two cooks had a contest and the heat was on.	
Poultry farmers lay-off old layers to set off paltry income!
The pirate captain's list was to starboard when he failed to ketch his bottle of port which fell onto the poop deck after he nearly keeled over.
My friend said that if Watergate had happened in Scotland they would've had Scotch tape.
A fisherman tried boxing, but he only threw hooks.
Helicopter rescue pilots have the most successful pick-up lines.
Those who live beyond their means should act their wage.	
Did you know that donuts were first made in Greece?	
The tap dancer's routine ran hot and cold.
Luggage sales trends are determined using case studies.	
If you Russia round and Ukraine your neck don't Crimea river.	
The inventor of sandpaper had a rough time of it.	
There is a special species of bird that is really good at holding stuff together. They are called velcrows.
After the carpet store burned down, only remnants remained.
Is it true that several of the justices on the Supreme Court refer to their homes as 'legal pads'?
If you find ten cents in each of your pockets be glad of the new paradigms.	
Those who find bargain antiques like to junk for joy.	
He ate so much over the holidays that he decided to quit cold turkey.	
Southerners are quick on the drawl.	
In business reaching higher is good unless it's a bank teller during a stickup.	
The recent windstorm through the trees was an absolute debarkle.
If you believe restaurants always overcook steaks, then you probably order them rarely.
Attila was coaching a soccer team. He wanted them to win, but his Huns were tied.
Does working for UPS make you a professional boxer?
When she made Mario Puzo's books required reading for her class, she made him an author they couldn't refuse.
The cheap hotel was really a violin.
A harp that was shaved is a bare-faced lyre.
I'm not very versed in writing songs, so I refrain from doing it.
I tried to update my computer this morning but it wouldn't work. After several attempts, I had that syncing feeling.
Teaching your slinky new tricks is like spring training.
The inventor of shag carpet made a big pile.	
An heir is someone with a descent wage.
The president can't pass the bill because it's still incongruous.	
Making your own hard liquor is a whiskey business.	
Textile workers who lived at the manufacturing site in fabricated dwellings were closely knitted.
The place to trade dresses is called a frock exchange.
He forgot to pay me for the computer I sold him. Bad cache memory.	
The orange squeezer was invented with some juicy information.	
What do you call the ticket inspector on a maglev train? A superconductor.
For the orthodontist visit, the boy had to brace himself.	
If you see an improperly lowercased letter, you must capitalize on it.
Mail order cows were first shipped by raft down the Mississippi River. They traveled on cattle logs.
The chef slipped and broke his prime rib.	
I heard the new auto body shop that opened comes highly wreck-a-mended.
A teacher harshly corrected a student on a math problem. I guess he got schooled.	
Due to Earth's strong gravitational field, the cost of attaining escape velocity is exorbitant.
I czeched on the prague-ress of my geography.	
The cardiovascular system is a work of artery, but is also really vein.	
The garden club visited the nursery and found themselves in a hosta environment.
Two fonts, Arial and Calibri, were in the midst of a bad breakup. Calibri said, 'I'm sorry, you're personality is too bold.' Arial responded, 'You're just not my type...'
I was just diagnosed as having a hernia. My wife and kids are setting up a truss fund.
When your internet provider goes bankrupt it's a 'net loss.	
I never liked befriending assassins. They're all backstabbers.	
The proctologist reassured the patient that his condition could be rectified.
The royal family moved into my neighborhood. They live Tudors down.
My door was ajar, so I added jelly, now it's a door jam.
When the wino suspected his muscatel was watered down, he needed more proof.
If I study to become a roofing expert in the future, will I be preparing for the here rafter?
Money laundering is a dirty trade for a clean profit!
The lawyer had trouble with the fine print on some documents, so his doctor suggested contract lenses.
The airlines have become so cash-strapped, they charged me for my emotional baggage.
A dentist and manicurist fought tooth and nail.	
They took soft drinks off the menu just to sprite people.
Although there were bombs everywhere at the party, it was still a blast.
I shouldn't have plugged my iPhone into the PC at the kitchen. It's now in the sync.
Why are Italians so good at making coffee? Because they really know how to espresso themselves.
The political calculus of integrating financial derivatives is not going to yield much.
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink.	
I went to Cairo, but I don't remember if I saw the river or not. I wonder if I am senile.
How Long is a Chinese man.	
Shopaholics never die, they just sale away.
The philosophy student got an 'F' the day he forgot to turn in his Hume work.
The doctor said it was an infected organ that was causing my bach-ache.
If you're alone and get too cold you might become ice-olated.	
What did one plant say to another? What's stomata?	
Visitors to Cuba are usually Havana good time.	
The IRS visited the bronze maker and got down to brass tax.	
Two fur traders once took a golfing trip together. They played a skins match.
Ancient vessels lacked stability because there were no rudders in the days of yaw.
An Arabian hostel offers Bedouin breakfast.
She was only a whisky maker but he loved her still.	
The people who are predicting when all time will halt are known as endochronologists.
When the gastroenterologist retired, he threw in the bowel.
If the ocean had a personality, it would be salty.
I applied for a server position. I am still waiting.
In the stock market mining hit rock bottom while cows steered into a bull market.	
He was worried he would get a parking ticket. It was a case of mind over meter.
This morning, my IT guy checked on an install and I raised my empty coffee cup and said, 'Java Installed.'
Motel operators never die, they just check out.
To me the prognosis of the proctologist was the beginning of the end!
An alien landed at a soft drink company and said 'take me to your liter'.	
The grammarian was never late. He was always very punctual.
Did you hear about that Buddhist leader who retired and tended his crops? He's now known as the Dalai Farmer.
I tried my first soft drink. It was sodalicious!
Once you get your bearings vectors are easy.
In order to show a profit, the floundering gourmet seafood restaurant was allowed to cook its books since there is no accounting for taste.
His model airplane hobby really took off.	
The diet industry enjoys a heavy bottom line.	
My girlfriend scares me, so every time we go to dinner it's intimidating.
My neurologist is testing my last nerve.
Does Santa take his sleigh to his magic class or does he take a luge in?
Are people that live in both the Arctic and Antarctica called pollsters?
In ancient Egypt, papyrus farmers taught people the importance of reeding.
Greengrocers earn a meager celery, come home beet and just want to read the pepper, take a leek, turnip the covers endive into bed.
A matchmaker makes matches in order to find you the light of your life.
The Irish lass was disappointed with the engagement ring from her fiance because it was a sham rock.
Continually discovering new viruses can become a strain.	
Getting rid of your boat for another could cause a whole raft of problems.	
Tired well worn expressions need to be phrased out of the language.
I didn't understand the math, so the teacher summed it up for me.
No-fault insurance does not cover earthquakes.	
The snowstorm arrived at a fortuitous moment. It was white on time.	
We are all speaking American. Is this a country diction in terms?
When I was young, I wanted to study archaeology, but my dad thought it was nothing more than a lot of skullduggery ...
An egg pulls a cart with a yolk.
A no-fly zone prohibits zippers.
He carried the rum above his head, because he needed to lift his spirits.	
The baker had ten children and there was always a bun in the oven.	
After a few beers on the plane, Charlie was flying high into the wild brew yonder.
Missionaries like open hooded cars because they are convertible.	
He carried the rum above his head, because he needed to lift his spirits.	
When the pharmacist found out her husband was having an affair it was a hard pill to swallow.
When your internet provider goes bankrupt it's a 'net loss.	
The beauty queen is unhappy about her upcoming foreign tour. She will miss America.
When I bought some fruit trees the nursery owner gave me some insects to help with pollination. They were free bees.
One night a banking tycoon fell overboard from his yacht. He was saved because he could float a loan.
That diet clinic is so successful it would take your breadth away.	
Why are the White House Staffers a sad lot? Because after being Bushed for eight years, they can now look forward to being either Baracked or Cained.
I like European food so I decided to Russia over there because I was Hungary. After Czech'ing the menu I ordered Turkey. When I was Finnished I told the waiter 'Spain good but there is Norway I could eat another bite'.	
He dropped a computer on his toes and had megahertz.	
If you play around with a guillotine, you'll beheaded for an accident.	
The linen shop gave their employees free bedding. Even their accountant had his own handmade spread sheet.
I made a batch of fish eye soup, it should see me through the week.
The truant officer caught several kids at the ice rink. They were playing hockey.
Do you need to draw money? I could offer you a pencil.
The drunk went into the barbershop and said, 'Take a little off the tope.'
He sold large bullets and acted like a real big shot.	
Most samurai refused to shave. They were bushi.
The dermatologist and his wife enjoyed the backyard BBQ, while their children played a game of skin tag.
I suspected our new house guest was a terrorist. He asked to sleep on a blow up mattress.
When he spilled coffee on her shirt she showed him dis-stain.	
Dentists practice by going through many drills.	
I want to open a photo processing store in a developing country.
When the gunman walked in, he turned the store into a flee market.
Even though he contributes either the X or Y chromosome, when a father chooses the sex of his child it's just a sperm of the moment decision.
The pirates were fighting with each other because they didn't have good anchor management.
The retired general would not help his grandson color Easter eggs, but he did give the boy some cottage cheese. Old soldiers never dye, they just feed some whey.
The President of the Ennui Club was chairman of the bored.
If you said you were from South America, I would not Bolivia.	
The queen's favourite chef was knighted Sir Loin.	
During the meeting about earthquakes, there were several motions.	
The chandelier manufacturer involved in shady deals came to the spotlight.
The raisin wined about how he couldn't achieve grapeness.
When the wheel was invented, it caused a revolution.	
A silk tie can make a winsome Windsor.
When the cannibal showed up late to the luncheon, they gave him the cold shoulder.	
I never liked befriending assassins. They're all backstabbers.	
What do organic mathematicians throw into their fireplaces? Natural Logs.
Have you ever been to Engagement, Ohio? It's between Dayton and Marysville.	
The testimony at the barbershop is mostly hair-say.
To add to the punishment, Satan made all the tormented souls listen to elevator music. The Hells Are Alive With the Sounds of Muzak.
In parking lots, arguments often start from scratch.	
His day job was astronomy but at night time he was moonlighting.	
The noisy fireworks display in Tibet caused a temporary Lhasa hearing.
The copyright law is a statute of imitations.
I noticed that the sun was out, and nobody had bothered to relight it.
A baker stopped making donuts after he got tired of the hole thing.	
Hitch hiking is not a good rule of thumb.	
She memorized just what kind of locket she wanted, by heart.	
After the six campers were discovered missing from their tents the state police began to canvas the area.
There was a shootout in The Gap. There were many casual-tees.	
You should lock up your wine in a cabernet.	
Did you hear about the man who got his finger stuck in his computer? He was trying to insert his thumb drive.
A plastic surgeon who specializes in breast implants is a front end manager.
The overweight fighter pilot was grounded for violating the rules of engorgement.
I'm bad at math, so the equation 2n+2n is 4n to me.
I went to go see the movie 'Shrek' last weekend, it was so ogre rated.
He marketed his hula-hoop internationally because it was whirled wide.
Body language is self explanatory!
Yesterday my fridge thought it was a microwave, so we got into a heated fight. But we're cool now.
I went to the dentist without lunch, and he gave me a plate.	
I live in an airport but when the security guard comes at night Heathrows me out.	
The math teacher was a good dancer - he had algorithm.
The model who joined the air force was a bombshell.	
When the wino suspected his muscatel was watered down, he needed more proof.
The first drinking establishment in Alaska was a polar bar.	
Attire goes on a wheel.
My desire to be a dermatologist was only skin deep. I knew I was destined for osteology. I could feel it in my bones.
The state legislature could not decide whether to fund the water control project or the all weather stadium. It was a no win situation. Dammed if you do, domed if you don't.
The chef who tried to bribe a judge with polenta was held in corntempt.
The gunman took a shot at new opportunities.
Before he sold Christmas trees, he got himself spruced up.	
I have invented crockery that comes to me when I whistle. My cup runneth over.
Tubeless is a product of tireless effort!
Pocket bread stuffed with pocket bread makes a pitaful excuse for a sandwich.
Drivers who speed in the snow often find themselves adrift.
The satellite went into orbit on January 1st causing a new year�s revolution.	
When I go to West Africa I'm Ghana make sure Togo to Mali and then I can say I've Benin Timbuktu.
The most important thing to know about becoming a urologist is that you have to be able to go with the flow.	
The newspaper doesn't put in Politics what is Classified.	
The mass of a ship is measured in keelograms.
The man shed a tear as he saw his old storage space come down.
A king is old when he reaches the age of sovereignty.	
A bicycle can't stand on its own because it is two-tired.	
In medical school he worried about passing as a surgeon, but he made the cut.	
Two carnivores eat steak when they meat.
Podiatrists like legumes and tomatoes!
I've never taken an elevator to the basement floor, that's just beneath me.
I wondered why my geometry class was always tired. They were all out of shape.
Sainthood is a gangster who truly repented.
Some clockmakers are normal, but others are a little cuckoo.
He was so skinny, his shoulder-blade kept cutting his shirts.
When they used bleach to clear a dark, wet corner, they broke the mold.
Before he was hired as a short order cook they grilled him.	
Submarine commanders like to submerge themselves in their work.	
I love playing golf, but when putting I can never catch a break.
The string quartet drank and played furiously through the night and then passed out. But that was a foregone conclusion.
'Should we watch the Swiss?'. 'Of quartz we should.'
When the shocked IRS agent was found guilty of tax evasion he had to take time to collect himself.
They say it's easy to get your mind around introspection.
The jeweler pinned his hopes on broaching the argument first.	
A lot of dieting is wishful shrinking.	
A hurricane is a stick used to encourage speed.
I got a job with a company that manufactures trampolines. Now I'll have something to fall back on.
If a Norwegian robot analyzes a bird, it Scandinavian.	
Did you hear about the fire at the shoe factory? A thousand soles got burned, some heel did it while he was laced.
Money doesn't grow on sprees.	
The seed company turfed out my idea for ready made lawn.
The thought of becoming a gymnast springs in my mind however much I suppress it!
Old politicians never die, they just get devoted.	
We should make a beer commercial. It sounds simply intoxicating.
I didn't used to like duct-tape at first, but then I became very attached to it.	
Conjoined twins aren't the only twins with special connections.
An embrace at a nudist colony is a bare hug.
I don't like hanging out at the pancake house, that place gives me the crepes!
If a dog was computer literate, would his bark be worse than his byte?
There were a bunch of pillows at the store. I took one and my friend took the rest.
Why are the White House Staffers a sad lot? Because after being Bushed for eight years, they can now look forward to being either Baracked or Cained.
A friend tried to make me say animal puns today but I thought they were boaring.
'I got lost in the streets of Paris,' he said ruefully.
When the inept actor tried to steal a farmer's omelet with greens, the ham was collard in short order.
The electrician worked on the side as a musician. He was a conductor on the train.	
The church choir robes were too long and needed to be hymned.
In some conifer forests, you can't cedar wood for the trees.
Paula thinks she knows alot about government, but she doesn't. Politics me off.
Before the revolution, Russia was in a Tsary state.	
Salespeople selling security equipment like to see people get alarmed.	
Making a boat out of stone would be a hardship.	
I need to drive to the shop to buy some ingredients for my guacamole but I don't avocado.
Why don't miniature pumpkins go running with the bulls? They are afraid of being squashed or gourd.
Caribbean barbers know how to calypso well.	
I've been trying to caption this piece of art but I just can't picture the meaning of it.	
I pricked my finger badly while trying to find a needle in my wife's sewing box. It was a crewel turn of events.
A good baker will rise to the occasion, it's the yeast he can do.	
When a guillotine executioner is layed off he gets severance.	
The orthopaedist slipped outside for a break.
The tree that was creating energy was turned into a power-plant.
I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger. Then it hit me.	
Two clock makers argued and got ticked off.	
Russia was slow to recover after WW2 because it kept Stalin around.
I really regretted the inconsiderate comment I made. It was rued.
Juneau Alaska? It's up there next to Canada, Yukon see it on a map, so it's not just an Aleutian.
The cemetery is the dead centre. It's where the local bodies meet.
As a short order cook he was a flash in the pan.	
My friend has orchestra as her elective. She likes that it's her last class so she can end the day on a good note!	
A second chimney is superfluous.
If you stumble over a good price for a vacation you will have a good trip.	
The bald man decided to consider a hair transplant to rogaine his confidence in looking younger.
Although I did not know the name of the boy who bumped his chin while playing a song in the children's handbell choir, his face rang a bell.
Epitaphs are engraved!
I bought me some of those new paper shirts. I don't like them - they're tearable.
Squirrels that just don't care anymore have been seen throwing cashews to the wind.
So I understand they've developed polyethylene sails for boats now. I guess it's clear sailing from here on.
When I'm lying on the floor, I feel like the whole world is against me.
Why can't you trust Satan's resume? The devil lies in the details.
To stop snow from entering your mouth in a blizzard you should grit your teeth!
I work in a sweater factory. It's a very clothes-knit community.
I will tell you a pun about floating but I'm sorry it wouldn't go down too well.
My clock radio goes off with alarming frequency.	
He who hogs the sheets is usually very wrapped up in himself.	
I used to be a banker but I lost interest	
The butcher backed up into the meat grinder and got a little behind in his work.	
The conversation between the brain surgeon and the anaesthesiologist was mind numbing.
To use a computer to prospect for gold, you need to downlode.
When asked the whereabouts of her fancy fur scarf, the minx replied it was stole.
I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.
When the train conductor got unfairly railroaded by his boss, his life immediately began going down the wrong track.
When asked whether or not I was bilingual, I was about to say I knew sign language, but I figured it was sort of a mute point.	
Those building railways have to do a lot of tracking or their project will de-rail.	
When I had my PlayStation stolen, my family were there to console me.	
My small friend always argues that vanilla, chocolate and strawberry are the three best ice cream flavors, I think he has a Neapolitan complex.
The thought of having no alternative to soap never washed with the inventor of shower gel.
Little Jimmy told his teacher he never saw a humming bird but he had watched a spelling bee.
My job as head chef at a top rated restaurant is in jeopardy because my latest culinary creation was called a recipe for disaster.
When the statistics professor and the math professor wrote a cookbook together, they called it 'Pi A La Mode.'
Honeydew you realize we cantaloupe because they would banana from traveling to chili.
The otolaryngologist had not heard much about health care reform, he thought the plan smelled fishy, and the debate left a bad taste in his mouth.
If you send a letter to the Philippines put it in a Manila envelope.	
Hitch hiking is not a good rule of thumb.	
Grass always grows up.	
I finally got rid of that nasty electrical charge I've been carrying. I'm ex-static!
After selling a shipment of salt the salesman said 'let's shake on that.'	
He was a great mathematician, although he did leave naught behind for his family.
I shouldn't have plugged my iPhone into the PC at the kitchen. It's now in the sync.
A sea captain navigating through a narrow channel was in dire straits.	
That really nice fellow works in a clothing factory sewing zippers on jeans. That is good. He wouldn't hurt a fly.
If a barista is not allowed to make espresso she will lose her tamper.
November: We start the month out stuffing ballots to elect some turkey, we end the month stuffing a turkey to increase our ballast.
A young nurse was nervous about giving vaccinations but gave it her best shot.	
I used to have a fear of boats, but that ship has sailed.
I like vegetables, but my friend doesn't carrot call.	
I got fired from my job as a software engineer. I just couldn't get with the program.
What did the grape say when it got stepped on? Nothing - but it let out a little whine.	
Surprises is the knight in charge of awards.
With copper unavailable, continued operation of the mint would make no cents.
The police auction was a complete bust.
The purpose of the IT Service Department is to be a customer-server.
He has a soft spot for playing hard ball.
Interest has such accrual way of accumulating.
He was selling palm trees, but people thought it was a shady deal.	
The bridegroom got to the church when he was supposed to. He was at the rite place at the rite time.
Labyrinths are amazing.
They are showing 'The Green Mile' at the big house today. It's a conflict.
Why do football players make terrible pilots? They always break the plane before touchdown.
All births are an Emergency.
I saw this bloke walking into court and he was carrying a large box, 10 minutes later he came out, it was a briefcase.
This diet is wearing me thin.
The failure of the third largest manufacturer of baby's toys was enough to rattle the entire industry.
The dieter was at his width's end.	
I have been blogging about my recent surgery and recovery from abdominal surgery. I call my blog 'The Chronicles of Hernia'.
Buzz Lightyear was following a Japanese luxury car on the highway. When he pulled around to pass, he shouted, "To Infiniti and beyond."
Resale means to go yachting again.
Jack sold a cow for some beans, came home to his mother, and spilled the beans.	
A flat rate is the monthly rent for an apartment.
Wally wasn't sure in which branch of the Army he wanted to serve, but he gravitated toward the paratroops.
Before King Arthur appointed a knight to give acupuncture treatments at Camelot Sir Lancelot knew he was stuck with the job.
He who talks with his mouth full is speaking ingest.	
I planned to find my watch today, but I didn't have the time.
'I agree with you wholeheartedly,' said the artichoke grower.
The skeleton was trying tibia little humerus.
A lot of trees were dying, but they needed to figure out the root of the problem.	
The recycled cartridge business certainly lowered the toner the neighborhood.
A glide-path is a soar spot.
An astronaut broke the law of gravity and got a suspended sentence.	
I was fired from my job selling amplifiers. I didn't achieve the sufficient volume of sales.
Did you hear about the Two Wall Street financial hot dogs that got on a roll?	
Grills are a hot item.	
People who teach drivers' education are roads scholars.
A summer is a mathematician.
He recommended the restaurant to me, and said he had no reservations.	
I bought my wife a really cute bell ringer for the front door - it was a door a bell.
One day my friend asked me, how do you take such good care of your saxophone. I responded with tenor, love and care.
The boy who got electrocuted was unable to give a statement because he was still shocked at the incident.
The baker had ten children and there was always a bun in the oven.	
My girlfriend scares me, so every time we go to dinner it's intimidating.
I ate a curry that was so spicy it put me in a korma.
I knew I'd passed my thermodynamics exam, when the people who mark the degrees centigrade.
If you have too many scientists together how do you get iridium?	
Britain is a wet place since the queen has had a long reign.	
The student was an aggressive learner - he hit the books.
I get distracted by all the meats in the deli section, must be my short attention spam.
Length times width times height speaks volumes.	
I got a job with a company that manufactures trampolines. Now I'll have something to fall back on.
Those who sell scales in shady deals don't want to give anything a weigh.	
Wire electrical jobs so fun?
When the spammer's computer exploded, it blew him to kingdom.com.
The exhibitionist went to the store because he heard they were having a flash sale.
Don't get lost in the mist or else you won't have the foggiest idea where you are.
A person who would make a banking joke is of no account.	
Did you hear about the man who was jabbed in the back with a set of keys? His back locked up.
Tying up a circle may take a lot of chords.
Don't be mean to nuclear reactors, they might have a meltdown.
To use a computer to prospect for gold, you need to downlode.
After a few beers on the plane, Charlie was flying high into the wild brew yonder.
He couldn't sell his pirate ship because it was unassailable.	
The bald man decided to consider a hair transplant to rogaine his confidence in looking younger.
No one knew who was attacking the castle until we learned it was the forces of Sir Nymbas of Cumulus, the legendary Dark and Stormy Knight.
I wanted to be a urologist, but I wasn't good enough. Oh well, I guess urethra got it or you don't.
Golf is a lot like taxes - you drive hard to get to the green and end up in the hole.	
Aliens can easily understand each other because their language is universal.
To write with a broken pencil is pointless.	
I don't trust these stairs because they're always up to something.
I tried wrapping Christmas presents, but I didn't have the gift.	
I put my phone on vibrate. An hour later I finally got a text massage.
I know a pun about Beethoven, but I won't say it because it would just fall on deaf ears.	
In a club filled with booze, I make the crowd cheer.
The optometrist ran for mayor because he was a visionary.
I went for a drink with a Matador the other day. I had a tea, he had a cafe au lait.
Two needles of different length will never see eye to eye.
Why didn't the little boy ask the flight attendant for a snack? He didn't have the nuts.
I thought I was investing in sea-going vessels when I bought those Chinese junk bonds.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.	
Securities are the cause of many people's insecurities.	
Marie Antoinette said that feeding the peasants was a piece of cake.
Quasimodo bought a Ford Focus. It became known as the hatchback of Notre Dame.
The ancient Japanese leader lost his legs in a logging accident, and became a sawed-off Shogun.
Buying a car is quite a show which is why car salespeople use a showroom.	
A carburetor specialist had manifold advantages to better his career!
I like marching songs, in any month.
There used to be little snow patches outside my house after a snowstorm. Whenever the sun came out, they had a melt down.	
A successful diet is the triumph of mind over platter.	
I tried hard to get into vexillology, but, in the end, had to flag it away.
My shrink assures me that my obsession with the formalization of puns is just a 'phrase I'm going through'.
Attention staff! The clothes keep falling off the mannequins in ladies' wear. Would someone please redress the problem?
For relief during cosmetic surgery they use an aesthetic.
The chandelier manufacturer involved in shady deals came to the spotlight.
Is a group of fingerprints considered to be a whorl pool?
Even though the well was a mystery to her, she didn't want to get to the bottom of it.	
Stir-fry cooks come from all woks of life.
Old carpenters never die, they just lumber around.
He went on a cheese diet in order to cheddar few pounds.	
When I went to the International Club, I accidentally spilled coffee on a Hindu lady's dress. I told her I was very sari.
Royal chairs are rarely throne out.	
When a doctor got a bad cut the nurse said 'suture self'.	
If zombies have to eat brains, does that make them obligate cognivores?
An avionics warning is a flier alarm.
When his wife asked for wooden walls in the basement, they had a panel discussion.	
Did you hear about the nervous preacher? He had sweaty psalms.
Have you read the book about hands? It's a real page turner.
I tried to finish the leftovers, but ... foiled again.
Someone led me to believe that graphite was discovered in Pennsylvania.
In some places there is a lot of Manuel labor for every Juan.	
When the shoe store owner discovered that someone had broken into his store, the police pumped him for information.
The knight stood on the shoulder of the road, looking at his disabled car. He shook his head and said, 'Chevrolet is dead.'
Making fun of a tree is a knock on wood.
If climate change is causing the sea level to rise, does that mean that the oceans are getting too big for their beaches?
There was something going on in the bathroom, but I wasn't privy to the details.
Those who find bargain antiques like to junk for joy.	
Burning too much incense in a rented room could make the owner incensed.	
My grandfather manufactured waistcoats - you might say he had a vested interest.
What top does an astronaut wear to the moon? Apollo shirt.
The size a dieter would like to get to is the sighs of relief.	
Coins are mint to be.
When the fog burns off it won't be mist.	
The optometrist moonlighted as a jazz musician so he could continue to improve-eyes.
When the statistics professor and the math professor wrote a cookbook together, they called it 'Pi A La Mode.'
Is the training given to expectant parents apparenticeship?
My wife's dad spends a lot of time in the bathroom. He is my Father in Loo.
She didn't like her masseuse, she rubbed her the wrong way.
In order to show a profit, the floundering gourmet seafood restaurant was allowed to cook its books since there is no accounting for taste.
I went to Cairo, but I don't remember if I saw the river or not. I wonder if I am senile.
New years resolution for the bankrupt gardener was to forget the past and rely on the fuchsia.	
What do you call a tissue that is sleeping? A napkin.	
I'll admit to not being much of a plumber so when I tried to repair my toilet I couldn't get a handle on it.
Library rules regarding personal hygiene are a matter of lore and odor.
My door was ajar, so I added jelly, now it's a door jam.
Forklift operators do not care for puns - they find them unpalletable.
My new theory on inertia doesn't seem to be gaining momentum.
A dentist has to tell a patient the whole tooth.	
A lettuce will Romaine a lettuce Cos it is.
The coin artist promised he'll change his profession to something noteworthy.
The stove cleaner was so worried about the front grill that he put everything else on the back burner.
I control the weeds in my lawn with the help of my friend, Herby Side.
The little old woman who lived in a shoe wasn't the sole owner - there were strings attached.
Dr. Heimlich manoeuvred through the traffic choke-point near San Juan Capistrano and waited expectantly for a swallow.
Tying up a circle may take a lot of chords.
There were a bunch of pillows at the store. I took one and my friend took the rest.
After the lawyer flushed the toilet, it went to the suer.	
I met a man who loves eating couches. I think he has a suite tooth.
The chef who tried to bribe a judge with polenta was held in corntempt.
Professional rock climbers, the only people paid to get high.	
Library rules regarding personal hygiene are a matter of lore and odor.
The electrician worked on the side as a musician. He was a conductor on the train.	
When the orchard owner went to trial he was judged by a jury of his pears.
When the waiter spilled a drink on his shirt, he said, "this one is on me."	
In order to talk to a viking you need to know Norse code.	
My parents had back to back appointments at the chiropractor.
To termites, a group of dead trees is an arbor eat'um.	
I drove around the Indianapolis Motor Speedway on my John Deere. I was on a track tour.
For a long time, black holes were a dark secret.	
When the head of the consulting team suggested that the canal around the castle be filled up with cement, he was demoted.
A high-class Lakota cook is a Sioux chef.
The man put his name on the neck of his shirt so he would have collar ID.
When I suffered a groin injury I became quite testy.
Why did the agricultural presentation go so smoothly? They planted questions.
The patient decided against an organ transplant. Instead, he changed his mind.
Way back when, I used to remember things by tying a string around my finger. Even then I had digital memory.
'I agree with you wholeheartedly,' said the artichoke grower.
The novice executioner couldn't get the hang of it.	
An optometrist told his patient: 'It appears your vision is improving!' 'Really?' replied the patient. 'Must be the luck of the iris.'	
The Crimean cannibal loved Tatar tots.
There's a new magnetic steam iron that makes your clothes attractive.	
We were going to ship a truck load of food, but we found it just wasn't palatable.
My sister was telling me about our cousin. I have to say, he sounds familia.
When I got the bill for the engine rebuild, I blew a gasket!
My tennis opponent was not happy with my serve. He kept returning it.
Do podiatrists ever use toe trucks? I know one that charges by the foot.	
The seaside Chinese buffet with free wi-fi was named The Baudwok.
I dated a politician over the holidays but when I wrapped myself up as a present, he couldn't cut through the red tape.
Is rheumatism something you only hear about?
Set your drink on a skateboard, they make good coasters.
Why do people study gravity? It's a pretty attractive field.	
Those who wear sleeveless shirts like to defend the right to bare arms.	
Those who jump off a Paris bridge are in Seine.	
Astral projection to church is mass tranceportation.
Staying at the trendy, new hotel was the inn thing to do.
The river crested when a factory spilled toothpaste into it.
Geometry shapes my life!
The crumpled SUV gave evidence of its owner's finely-hooned driving skills.
Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's very time consuming.	
Dorothy's medical instructor was the Wizard of Gauze.
It's a lengthy article on Japanese Sword Fighters but I can Samurais it for you.
I'd tell you a chemistry joke but I know I wouldn't get a reaction.
I used to have a fear of boats, but that ship has sailed.
What do cupcakes use in the summer time? A sprinkler.
Some computer equipment got shot. It was a graphic display.	
My cousin works in a chocolate shop. He works behind the bar.
The general started bowling before his aide had entered his name on the score sheet. He had launched a pre-emptive strike.
If you want to revisit the past, make sure you get back in time.
We are out of light bulbs. Our home faces a dim outlook.
To make sure cargo trucks aren't too heavy, police operate on the principle that where there's a wheel there's a weigh.
I decided that becoming a vegetarian was a missed steak.
When the scientist wanted to clone a deer, he bought a doe it yourself kit.
When those around King Arthur's table had insomnia, there were a lot of sleepless knights.	
What is a lumberjack's favorite month? Septimber!
Marie was curious about radium.
I must have had the chalkboard flu because today I feel remarkable.
The President of the Ennui Club was chairman of the bored.
If you make candles you are going to need a lot of paraffin-alia.
You're good with money? You must come from good stock.
Honeydew you realize we cantaloupe because they would banana from traveling to chili.
I don't recommend dating bridge builders, they have truss issues.
He became a sky diver out of the blue.	
The apple crossed the street because he wanted to get to the other cider the road.	
Old bankers never die, they just pass the buck.	
My neighbor's sprinkler is a constant irrigation to me.
Drinking too much coffee can cause a latte problems.	
It's the barbecue I've always wanted - the grill of my dreams!
My rechargeable batteries are revolting.	
Unable to get help with my refinancing made me a loan wolf.	
There is a special species of bird that is really good at holding stuff together. They are called velcrows.
Benny was sure that if he had to he could master braille once he got a feel for it.
When you're wearing a watch on an airplane, time flies.	
When the sailor failed to report for duty, he really missed the boat.
I recently got a job at the office for national statistics, but I'm only there to make up the numbers.
I bought a computer from The Nero Company. It comes with a CD/Rome burner.
A pun can be made on any subject except a king who isn't a subject.	
The concession stand at the circus had very good coffee. It was the greatest joe on earth.
In Egypt archaeologists pyramid the ruins for mummies and those places where ancient wrappers performed.
Guys who drive in retractable convertibles with remote control often hoodwink others!
When there was a murder backstage at the Grammys they couldn't find DNA but they did find Prince.	
I was nervous before hernia surgery. My stomach was in knots.
Occasionally in the Caribbean there's a total calypso the sun.	
The winds of change are raining coins of copper gold and silver.	
Greeks can't stay out late because they have a Corfu.
A lawyer held a huge briefcase in his hand during the enire trial, but finally he rested his case.	
The doctor blood-tested secretarial candidates before hiring to eliminate type-O's.	
Grills are a hot item.	
What is the favorite game on Navy ships? Seaman Says.
When all my electrical engineering friends at the baseball game did the wave, it was almost like having a phased-hooray.
Victims of bad construction in the orient are 'bamboozled'.	
Some people say I'm addicted to summersaults, but that's just how I roll.
A sleeping bag is a nap sack.
The string quartet drank and played furiously through the night and then passed out. But that was a foregone conclusion.
My cartography job is really going to put me on the map.
Don't waste kindness on a rotary engine - they never reciprocate.
My hematologist said my outlook is good since I'm a B Positive type.
I hated being a math teacher. It was a miscalculated move.	
If the mint makes 25 cent pieces it should expect quarterly profits.	
The dermatologist was an avid gardener but he had a problem with moles.
The recent graduate of law school took a field trip to an automated warehouse to finish up his bar code requirements.
The rotting food in the garbage can behind the restaurant was covered with flies. To the vectors go the spoils.
I was nervous before hernia surgery. My stomach was in knots.
When asked the whereabouts of her fancy fur scarf, the minx replied it was stole.
That podiatrist is very sneaky. Give him an arch, he will take a foot.
I was going to have my hernia operation last June, but the surgeon was on summer hiatus.
My dentist seems distracted, I think he was brushing me off.
Being burned at the stake is a rare experience but is seldom well done.	
It has been discovered that sales of irons are decreasing.
Every November, Mark, a member of MENSA, wishes his peers 'Happy Thinksgiving!'
A TV repairman's job is to get set to work.
Surprises is the knight in charge of awards.
Breeders for lab science animals are definitely part of the rat race.	
Scientists studying the sun have a flare for research.	
If you stumble over a good price for a vacation you will have a good trip.	
Which illness are witches most prone to? Crone's disease.
She only dated hairy men, so I grew a beard to be hirsuter.
Why can't you trust Satan's resume? The devil lies in the details.
The inept psychic attempted clairvoyance but just couldn't get intuit.
The race car driver had a checkered past.
My son wanted a scooter. When I told him they are too dangerous, he moped around the house.
When the presidential candidates campaign in rural areas, do they take a straw poll? When they campaign in forested areas do they give stump speeches?
A Cajun restaurant made all their sauce on one day for the week. The cook roux'ed the day.
Stealing someone's coffee is called 'mugging'.	
How do mountains see? They peak.	
My brother is a logger, the job can get pretty dangerous. He hasn't had an injury yet though, knock on wood.
During the meeting about earthquakes, there were several motions.	
An auctioneer often looks forbidding.	
Why did the capacitor kiss the diode? He just couldn't resistor.
The divorced couple hurled Angostura and Boston cream pie at each other - it was a bitter, custardy dispute.
Staying at the trendy, new hotel was the inn thing to do.
A dentist named Phil McCavity always quit work at tooth-hurtie.	
The washrooms in a seafood restaurant were labelled Buoys and Gulls.	
I couldn't decide whether or not to make spiced apple cider, so I mulled it over.
The ex-lumberjack will be sawly missed.
Business at the candle factory tapered off after the holidays.
The long-shot was leading the Kentucky Derby, but not furlong.
Psychopaths always see amoral in the story.
I lost some memory in my computer, but I didn't mind one bit.
For the woman who wore size 13, finding shoes that fit was no small feat.	
If word processing a presentation about guns -- be sure to know how to use bullets.	
Cartoons produced by the Japanese government are animes of the state.
I've heard that the airplane industry is really taking off and reaching new heights.
Don't justify sin, just defy sin.
If you need to count your pennies you are definitely looking for a disc-count.	
The successive president of the local Climate Changes Committee was the carbon copy of his predecessor.
Shopaholics never die, they just sale away.
Atom bombs dropped on coral islands took atoll on them.	
I think every morning that I'm going to make pancakes, but I keep waffling.
Those who live beyond their means should act their wage.	
A queen was caught gambling. She had a royal flush.	
Two cooks disagreed but decided to hash it over.	
Every so often railroad conductors have to go for retraining.	
I like wool gathering for the shear joy of it.
They met in cooking class. It was boil meets grill.	
A South American element in 'The Princess Bride'? Incan-ceivable!
I've planted part of a riding whip. I'm hoping for a nice crop.
I don't use too much wine in making charosis for Passover, lest I get charosis of the liver.
Helen didn't like it even if she gained one troy ounce.	
As a drug counselor, I get clients by reeferal.
The food they serve to guards can last for sentries.	
I'm not a big fan of archery. It has too many drawbacks.	
Music of the seventies spawned many new record labels, mostly now defunked.
When my ice house falls apart igloo it back together.
I was studying in an apiary class. This resulted in me receiving a bee on my exam.
I relish the fact that you've mustard the strength to ketchup to me.	
While in Mexico, the chinese diplomat got a ticket for going the Wong way on the Juan Way street.	
Hanging out with skyscraper builders is so boring! It's story after story.
Gunpowder was invented in a flash.	
Was Noel Coward afraid of traditional Christmas music?
A computer program attached to an electric chair would have to have its execution checked carefully.	
An orthodontist was found dead, killed with a hatchet. However, no one was arrested as the death was declared axe-idental.
What do you find on the floor of the mozzarella forest? Cheese sticks.
Could another name for a tire factory be a tread mill?
A TV repairman's job is to get set to work.
I had tried passing myself off as my twin but I couldn't live with myself.
On Valentine's Day flower prices rose to the occasion.
The sledder who got injured realized that his wounds were more than he tobogganed for.
I czeched on the prague-ress of my geography.	
There was a massive outcry against the plan to build a power line across a nature preserve. The public couldn't bear the tension.	
I think a job as a shoe salesmen would be your best fit.
Wow, thanks for the tea. I'm glad I got to Chai it.
Iris was a private eye who was often in the public eye.	
When his wife demanded that he give up polo, he decided to chukker.
I have to give a speech on being a vegetarian and omnivorous about it.	
Oops, I jumped into the pool with my watch on. I don't know if it is waterproof or not. I guess only time will tell.
I fired the floor refinishers. They simply could not hold their lacquer.
Ms. Earhart's loss to aviation could never be ameliorated.	
One of the first things you'll notice at the Beijing airport is a whole lot of Chinese checkers.
Stocks and bonds really hold people down.	
A funny criminal is a silicon.
The proctologist quit his job because it gave him tunnel vision.	
Navy regulations prohibit underwater promotion to the ministry, doing so would constitute insubordination.
We're not getting anywhere in geometry class. It feels like we're going in circles.
The pope, on his 2008 tour in the United States, skipped Mass.	
Bakers earn the majority of their income in the morning, they earn most of their dough at yeast by a leaven o'clock.
A used car salesman started a chain and thus founded the Auto-man Empire.
The electrician got his supplies at the outlet store.
Why was the snake mad at the jewel thief? Because he wanted his diamondback.	
Puns about monorails always make for decent one-liners.
What is the most non-confrontational age of kids? When they benign.
Safety goggles were invented by a peripheral visionary.	
The author in northwest Alaska used a pen name. It was a Nome de plume.
He ate so much over the holidays that he decided to quit cold turkey.	
The portrait artist made extra money as a census taker. He was good at canvasing people.
If they ever have a contest for the best looking mannequin, there will be stiff competition.
As a golfer you have to have good fore-sight.	
The painter was hospitalized due to too many strokes.
Surprisingly, Julius Caesar preferred ranch.
Before King Arthur appointed a knight to give acupuncture treatments at Camelot Sir Lancelot knew he was stuck with the job.
I started to work at a seafood buffet, but then I pulled a mussel.	
Whenever I go near my bank I get withdrawal symptoms.	
Those who like sugar in their tea are willing to take their lumps.	
Was Noel Coward afraid of traditional Christmas music?
I'm reading a book about mazes, I got lost in it.	
In War of the Worlds, humans survived the attack because of their unalienable right to life.
Two nurses had a lot of bad blood between them.	
She told me the drink was non-alcoholic, but where was the proof?	
The research assistant couldn't experiment with plants because he hadn't botany.	
Frequent beer drinkers are often at Lagerheads.	
Cleopatra was the Pharaohs one of all.
The mother kangaroo tried to instill good financial habits in her baby. She told him to pocket all his allowance.
The fruit farmer was plum happy he pruned his orchard last fall.
When the farmer died, all his chickens were sold to the highest bidder. They would have preferred to stay on the farm, but auctions speak louder than birds.
The couple separated, for the wife had a stalemate.
At breakfast, the hacker downloaded cornflakes via his cereal port.
I didn't want to give the brain surgeon a piece of my mind.	
Lazy people worship a bone idol.
The middle east does not need any psychiatrists because there are nomad people.
Let's talk about rights and lefts. You're right so I left.	
How can you get a drywall plasterer to finish the job? They barely start and then they stop.
Old Senators don't die, they just go over the Hill.
When the lumber baron was unable to log in, his business ended in a forced shut down!
I've heard about the rumors that I keep vats of acid at my home, but they're lyes -- all lyes!
I used to have a fear of hurdles, but I got over it.
After carelessly plucking her eyelashes while shopping for a corsage, Rose couldn't see the florist because of the tweeze.
Shakespeare spent so much time at the Globe Theater because he was bored of Avon.
I discovered that existence is no more than a never-ending circle in a roundabout kind of way.
After injuring my upper arm and wearing an ice pack, my wife accused me of giving her the cold shoulder.
The fisher said he liked the sea. On the surface of it.	
Purchasing tires made me aware of inflationary pressures.
Cash cows control bull market stocks!
The deer grabbed the gun and gave the hunter a taste of his own venison.
Eastern European gymnast electrocuted in Pole Volt.
Deaf mathematicians communicate through sin language.
Most state laws don't give a thumbs up to hitch-hikers.
All students in Helsinki go to Finnishing school.	
Frequent beer drinkers are often at Lagerheads.	
The lumberjack loved his new computer. He especially enjoyed logging in.
A cannonball is a party for artillerymen.
Russia was slow to recover after WW2 because it kept Stalin around.
"Have some chocolate covered cherries," she said cordially.
Everytime I drink red wine I end up getting a cab.
When the CEO dropped his brownie on the calculator, was he trying to fudge the numbers?
He made good fruitcake but he was one slice short of a loaf.	
Did you hear about the man who got his finger stuck in his computer? He was trying to insert his thumb drive.
The landscaper was looking to improve his portfolio. He was interested in hedge funds.
I don't use too much wine in making charosis for Passover, lest I get charosis of the liver.
It was so hot the other day that even the mosquitoes were dropping like flies.
Family feuds are espoused!!
When tires are up it's due to inflation.	
The great chef put in much thyme while learning his craft in Amsterdam - he likes to call them his 'Holland days.'
If a restaurant isn't sweet to its chefs they might dessert.	
Worried about smog? Politicians aren't breathing easy yet.	
An heir is someone with a descent wage.
Some computer equipment got shot. It was a graphic display.	
Did you hear about the high-ranking military father who cloned himself? The result was a Major Faux Pa.
Get him on a diet? Fat chance!	
Before he sold Christmas trees, he got himself spruced up.	
If zombies have to eat brains, does that make them obligate cognivores?
One of the first things you'll notice at the Beijing airport is a whole lot of Chinese checkers.
It's a cut-throat world working in the otolaryngologist's office.
The chef took some cheese and made some grate things.	
The first time I got hold of a hang glider I had to wing it.	
Do you know how winter coats are insulated? They are down loaded.
When cooks are in the soup they don't like to eat humble pie.	
A silk tie can make a winsome Windsor.
Tacks have a very pin point way of hurting.
My Uncle refused to obey his controlling wife, proving to be most defy-aunt.
Hotel maids are experts with spread sheets.	
Sign on the door of an internet hacker. 'Gone Phishing'.
Some people say I'm addicted to summersaults, but that's just how I roll.
What did the mama tire and the papa tire name their baby girl tire? Michelle Lynn.
I had a dream last night about some cheese chasing me. I think I'm having halouminations.	
My new girlfriend and I are moving together into a tree house, I hope we won't fall out.
The plane flight brought my acrophobia to new heights.
Did you hear about the builder, who was retiring, and said to his Son, 'This is all yours now, son.' His son said, sadly, 'I dunno, dad. You're a hard hat to follow!'
When William joined the army he disliked the phrase 'fire at will'.	
What do you do to an open wardrobe? You closet.	
I was upset with my wall climbing abilities, I just couldn't seem to get a grip.	
Tube tyres are not a patch on tubeless ones!
For those who enjoy a large port after dinner, try Rotterdam.	
Elevators may bring you down, but to me they're very uplifting.	
A streaker was found dead this morning. Police say the details are quite revealing.
Capon is the main ingredient of chicken castratori.
When the shoe store owner discovered that someone had broken into his store, the police pumped him for information.
A heart surgeon who also conducts music is a pace maker.	
The sailor's barque had a bight.	
The magician got so mad he pulled his hare out.	
I have a bad, bad pain in my toe, no gout about it.
Show me someone in denial and I'll show you a person in Egypt up to their ankles.	
Luridly sailing by the clock on a sea of mucus is a phlegmbuoyant pastime.
The obese editor started a weight redaction program.
I used to enjoy steak and cheese with my eggs, but it's all ova now.
There was a ghost at the hotel, so they called for an inn spectre.	
People who plug their computer keyboards into hi-fi systems aren't idiots. That would be stereotyping.
Drinking too much coffee can cause a latte problems.	
The correct formula for concrete is worthwhile to cement in your mind.
I can't think of any kayak brands, canoe?	
The two people on the liquor license board called all the double shots.	
Police found a criminal shot to death with exit wounds but no entry wounds. It was an inside job.
Masks have no face value!
Two podiatrists became arch rivals.	
They called him the king of the dentists because he specialized in crowns.	
John Deere had a lot of detractors when he announced his invention.
When my father took the whole bannister down including the newel, he deleted the post.
My wife's dad spends a lot of time in the bathroom. He is my Father in Loo.
The fruit farmer is berry competitive in his field.
Where do cavemen store their weapons? In the clubhouse.
I wrote a song about small, burrowing animals. I decided it was time to gopher baroque.	
Vampires use must use mouthwash because they have bat breath.
I wanted to have dinner at a native American themed restaurant, but I didn't have reservations.	
When asked by a passenger how high he would get, the pilot replied,'I don't do drugs.'	
The window company said it was pane full to reduce prices but they want to sill any deal possible.
He was arrested for throwing bombs from a boat, but they dropped the charges.	
He wanted to buy a load of soil that didn't cost the earth.	
The people who are predicting when all time will halt are known as endochronologists.
A pun can be made on any subject except a king who isn't a subject.	
The astronaut decided to give the aliens some space.
Mr. Mushroom could never understand why he wasn't looked on as a real fun guy.
A bank manager who was also a high jumper spent most of his time in the vault.	
When it comes to drinks, citrus fruit juices are always in the limelight.
On the old trains the engineer had a lot of esteem.	
Italian building inspectors in Pisa are leanient.	
A dermatologist is a flesh man.
Hotel maids are experts with spread sheets.	
Why don't programmers like nature? It has too many bugs.	
After buying a new pair of denim pants, the young man became very congenial the rest of day.
Florence Nightingale had many suitors because men liked to go with the Flo.	
Roanoke - that's where wooden oars are made.	
Goats in France are musical because they have french horns.	
A train load of paint derailed. Nearby businesses were put in the red.	
After he invented the light bulb, people saw Edison in a new light.	
I had a problem with my boiled egg this morning. I've cracked it now!
Strippers are bad investors as they tend to lose their shirts.
Those who choose not to eat, slowly get hungry -- and Fast.	
I was studying in an apiary class. This resulted in me receiving a bee on my exam.
A homeless person joining in a riot can basically be heard as a vague rant.
I once worked at a factory that made boat paddles. The starting pay was ten dollars an oar.
Mummies are bound to be uptight.
After 5 years with the same chiropractor, I moved and had to change doctors. It was quite an adjustment.
The mechanic at the transmission shop seemed a little shifty.	
Environmentalist: expert in computer operating systems.	
I did a theatrical performance about puns. Really it was just a play on words.	
The store keeps calling me to come back and buy more bedroom furniture, but all I really wanted was one night stand.
I practice debating in the mirror but I always come across as one-sided and two-faced.
It's tough to be in the computer business when the chips are down.	
Computers at breakfast food companies use serial i/o.	
Molecules boiling points vary to some degree.
A few boxers were standing in a line. That's the punch line!	
Do you know how the sky was created? It was airborne.
What do you get when you cross a snake and a plane? A Boeing Constrictor.
He said I was average - but he was just being mean.
In the old days a suspended sentence was hanging.	
A karate school restaurant served mainly chops.	
Instead of engaging in my own hobbies, my wife has me constantly helping her in her garden. I guess you could say I am pistil whipped.
There was a massive outcry against the plan to build a power line across a nature preserve. The public couldn't bear the tension.	
As to alcohol, sea captains harbor a love of port.	
Airline pilots make many friends in high places.	
I just got my permit to harvest shrimp in the Antarctic. Now I have a licence to Krill.
The fact that he was a bad golfer was a fore-gone conclusion.	
During his lifetime, the composer Bach was a noted success.
This is what I like about chiropractors. They always have your back.
She told me the drink was non-alcoholic, but where was the proof?	
He would promise to play golf, but he didn't know how to follow through.	
When people first heard of the ABS, it was braking news.
Golfers would wear wrinkled clothes if it weren't four irons.	
Aliens are lovable because they're so spatial.	
The recent windstorm through the trees was an absolute debarkle.
The stripper was getting tired of the same old thong and dance.
I used to be afraid of purchasing residential property for the purpose of renting, but now I have an apartment complex.
I asked a librarian if she was free this afternoon, she said she was all booked up.	
Tried some bear stew. It was a little grizzly.
Trophy shops often will give customers floss with their purchase to eliminate plaque problems.
One night a banking tycoon fell overboard from his yacht. He was saved because he could float a loan.
A heart surgeon who also conducts music is a pace maker.	
Many people need to learn to be happy with the State they are in.	
An ex-sailor prefers to forget the days he spent playing cards in submarines, dismissing them as 'so much bridge under the water'.
I caught these potatoes smoking weed, one could say that they're baked potatoes.	
The Pinwheel joke didn't go around fast enough.	
A man was ambidextrous, he could eat sugar with both hands.	
The fellow died before he was able to write his estranged daughter out of the will. Death before disown her.
A man walked into a bar with a lump of asphalt under one arm and said to the bartender - A whisky please, and one for the road.	
He wanted to become a pilot but decided that it was over his head.	
What do you call a piano built in Miami? The Florida Keys.
In business reaching higher is good unless it's a bank teller during a stickup.	
A ship was lost at sea until they founder remains.	
To be a successful frequent flier you need a lot of connections.	
Economic experts report that while cactus sales have spiked, aquarium sales have tanked.
They said he drank 2 bottles of whisky a day, but it wasn't true. He had to scotch those rumours right away.
I nailed my wood-shop test.
I heard Einstein got along well with his parents ... relatively speaking.
The weatherman who forecasted snow in July was a bit of a flake.
Some bankers are generous to a vault.	
The chef took some cheese and made some grate things.	
I applied for a server position. I am still waiting.
Obituaries of those hanged in the old west used to be posted in the noose paper.
Those who steal trains must have a loco-motive.	
I got a gold filling and put my money where my mouth is.
The woodcutter stretched every morning before starting work. He was a limberjack.
I need Gestalt reasoning like I need a whole in the head.
The Internet contains a large surfeit of information.	
Lamp factories have light workloads.
Even though he contributes either the X or Y chromosome, when a father chooses the sex of his child it's just a sperm of the moment decision.
When the fog burns off it won't be mist.	
That diet clinic is so successful it would take your breadth away.	
The second hand clock shop had to wind up business as time ran out!
Superconductive materials should be properly stored in an ohmless shelter.
When the knight logged onto his computer there was the message, 'You got mail.' It was a chain letter.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.	
The misdirected astronaut wasn't exactly over the moon.
A pediatrician is a doctor of little patients.	
Ash Wednesday follows Volcanic Tuesday.
The meat truck took a long time to deliver because of the Jerky ride.	
The state police highway officer worked tirelessly in the heavy rain to assist a lady whose car was stuck in a ditch. He was a real trooper.
No yelling on weekdays if you eat my dessert, but I scream Sunday.
Did you hear about the fire at the shoe factory? A thousand soles got burned, some heel did it while he was laced.
Pencil sharpeners have a tough life - they live off tips.
Did you hear about the Two Wall Street financial hot dogs that got on a roll?	
The stern pirate captain's policy of forcing the worst members of his crew to walk the plank went swimmingly.
To be a successful frequent flier you need a lot of connections.	
'Did you remember to buy me the coffee with ice cream inside it?'. 'Oh I'm sorry, affogato!'.
Workers in an upholstery business demanded a wage hike to cushion the high cost of living.
My friends call me Mesa because of my big butte.
A bunch of robins followed the priest wherever he went. Birds of a father flock together.
The stove cleaner was so worried about the front grill that he put everything else on the back burner.
The sound that a golf cart makes is: 'putt..putt..putt'.	
Never ask a podiatrist for conversions to metric - he only knows feet.
The rose gardener pedaled feverishly to the market last week to sell his flowers before they became a thorn in his side.
After winter, the trees are relieved.
Coffee has bean the grounds of many a heated and strong discussion.	
Did you hear about the podiatrist who got his floor tiled? He got a bad case of degrout.
To plan beforehand for a cold winter is pre-furable.	
A doctor drank while putting on patients' casts. He was soon plastered.	
Most airline food is pretty bad, but their haggis is just plane offal.
The father who worked as a baker was a real breadwinner.
The Internet contains a large surfeit of information.	
Old genealogists never die, they just lose their census.	
I just got back from a statistical probability conference. It was average.
I finally found a spotter at the gym, it's like a huge weight has been lifted off my shoulders.
My father's father wanted to know if he could stay with the company in spite of the many changes. They ended up grandfathering him in.
The thought of becoming a gymnast springs in my mind however much I suppress it!
Making gloves is a real hands-on experience.
A tennis exponent always has a gut feeling beforehand that he will beat his opponent.
The safe was invented by a cop and a robber. It was quite a combination.	
Some moss took a lichen to a tree.	
If an Egyptian tried to make me sail the long way round I'd Suez canal.
Two surgeons were joking about sutures and had each other in stitches.	
I got my child to sleep last night by just repeatedly saying 'bursary'. It was the only nursery rhyme I could think of.
What's the definition of a will? (It's a dead giveaway).	
He dined with her at the local beanery and was immediately inflatuated.
She was so thrifty she could smell a bargain a mall away.	
My friend is moving to Seoul. He thought it would be a good Korea move.
I nailed my wood-shop test.
The chicken knew the first leg of his trip would take him to Buffalo. From there he would wing it.	
In my will I've requested that envelopes be sent out full of chick-pea paste. It'll be done posthumously.
Workers in an upholstery business demanded a wage hike to cushion the high cost of living.
As the farmer passed the gorgeous woman he did everything he could to a tractor attention.
Of all the philosophers, Descartes can carry the most things.	
Many people need to learn to be happy with the State they are in.	
You won't feel the squeeze with this great juicer deal.	
Surprisingly, Julius Caesar preferred ranch.
Breeders for lab science animals are definitely part of the rat race.	
Petra the Muscovite was gneiss to a fault but stony when taken for granite.
The sound that a golf cart makes is: 'putt..putt..putt'.	
Did Delaware her New Jersey? I don't know, Alaska.	
The price of the big fan blew me away.
To win Olympic Gold in cycling, you must put the pedal to the medal.
An electrician claimed that his truck was a volts wagon.
I was fighting a Dragon, easier slayed then done.
Getting this job managing a country estate has put me off fried eggs. I'm a gamekeeper turned poacher.
At all stages Shakespeare was a playful character!
Why are Italians so good at making coffee? Because they really know how to espresso themselves.
The rose gardener pedaled feverishly to the market last week to sell his flowers before they became a thorn in his side.
The recent windstorm through the trees was an absolute debarkle.	
Isn't the Grand Canyon just gorges?	
Buying a cheap mouse could leave you with a squeak and a sad tale.	
Old programmers never die .. they just lose their memory.	
The middle east does not need any psychiatrists because there are nomad people.
When I learned what the gun lobby was doing, I went ballistic!
A grenade thrown into a kitchen in France would result in Linoleum Blownapart.	
I've been trying to come up with a joke about a Mobius strip but I don't know where to begin.	
After the carpet store burned down, only remnants remained.
I'm friends with my fist, although he can be quite a knuckle head.	
A novice skier often jumps to contusions.
Now that they allow us to wear jeans at the office everyday, I am no longer a slacker.
I like my statistical data median rare.
The sardine factory reeled job applicants in by promoting a can do atmosphere.
Stairs are useful and all, but elevators are really some next level technology.
I really wanted a camouflage shirt, but I couldn't find one.
The president can't pass the bill because it's still incongruous.	
The model who joined the air force was a bombshell.	
The church choir robes were too long and needed to be hymned.
Sellers of dried grapes are always raisin awareness.	
Ancient vessels lacked stability because there were no rudders in the days of yaw.
I tried sleeping at the gym but it was fitful.
The angry chef felt sheepish after he had lambasted the mutton.	
1000 pairs of underwear were stolen, police were making a brief enquiry.	
The man put his name on the neck of his shirt so he would have collar ID.
Some planes are so cramped that passengers suffer jet leg.	
Superconductive materials should be properly stored in an ohmless shelter.
A girl entered a hair styling class, but failed and didn't make the braid.
A German vegetarian drives a Volks Vegan.
The cost of a galvanized hull is enough to zinc a ship.
The saying of a former vice-president is know as an AlGorIthm.	
The Spanish author would not bring refreshments to his uncles, but he would serve aunties.
I had a friend that collected police cars, ambulances and fire trucks. It was an estate of emergency when he died.
The headmaster removed the schools central heating. He wanted to turn it cold school.	
Driving while using a cell phone is veer-inspiring.
To become a pilot requires a good altitude.	
The astronauts said their experience on the moon was out of this world.	
You would think that being a submarine captain would pay well, but I hear they can't keep their heads above water.
I don't understand what the point of acupuncture is.
The wine cask maker had nothing to do. He was bordeaux.
She was so thrifty she could smell a bargain a mall away.	
The food taster quit his job because he had too much on his plate.
Never hire a depressed exorcist - they're not very good at lifting spirits.
You decide what kind of light bulbs to buy by a process of illumination.	
Price of top of the range range-hoods goes through the roof!!
A man who wanted to sing in church was wondering if he should inquire.
A lot of trees were dying, but they needed to figure out the root of the problem.	
Elevators may bring you down, but to me they're very uplifting.	
A man walked into a chimney store and asked 'How much for this one?'. The salesman replied 'It's on the house.'
My Uncle refused to obey his controlling wife, proving to be most defy-aunt.
Cafeteria customers are in the line of fare.	
I probably have blind spots, but I don't see them.
My vacuum flask is hopeless and it's a top of the range model - that's the only place it will keep anything warm.
Eiffel in love in Paris.
That Italian chef is really annoying. He's making a pesto himself.
Dr. Jekyll's more successful second formula turned him into a world-class sprinter rather than a violent psychopath, proving that you can run but you can't always Hyde.	
The Balloon family name died off when it ran out of heir.
So what if I don't know what apocalypse means!? It's not the end of the world!
What do you call a pig in a rickshaw? Pulled pork.
If an Egyptian tried to make me sail the long way round I'd Suez canal.
Weather forecasters have to have lots of degrees.	
What do organic mathematicians throw into their fireplaces? Natural Logs.
A golf course is a foreground.
The thought of having no alternative to soap never washed with the inventor of shower gel.
I'm bad at math, so the equation 2n+2n is 4n to me.
When he gave his wife a necklace he got a chain reaction.	
Someone said my strobe light was very flashy.	
Two cooks had a contest and the heat was on.	
Guerrilla warfare is more than just throwing a banana.	
Let's just enjoy the time that's hours.
Royal chairs are rarely throne out.	
A friend of mine tried to annoy me with bird puns, but I soon realized that toucan play at that game.
Oh what a tangled web we weave. On the Internet.	
I used to work as a high school ceramics teacher, but I got too close to the kiln and I was fired.
Ms. Earhart's loss to aviation could never be ameliorated.	
I like marching songs, in any month.
He stared at his belly button so much, he was promoted to navel officer.	
The new jail tunnel was a runaway success.
There was a report of shots fired in a local bar. The police don't know what triggered the commotion.
Since I went to work in the plumbing department of the home center, I have developed a multi-fauceted personality disorder.	
The bank's clients went belly-up due to phishing operations.
I decided not to go to Pisa, but I was leaning towards it.
A personal financial dilemma is known as a bill pickle.	
What does a storm-cloud wear under its coat . . . . Thunderwear!	
When milking a nervous goat, kid gloves should be used.
A hole has been found in the nudist camp wall. The police are looking into it.	
A psychiatrist on a hike fell into a depression.	
Lacking proper instruments, the surgeon had to resect a bowel using plumber's tools - it was a gut-wrenching experience.
When the Sun and the planets die, one person will receive the whole inheritance. Their lawyer convinced them to pursue a sole-heir system.
In ancient Egypt, papyrus farmers taught people the importance of reeding.
Murder with knives is very messy, and I suggest not taking a stab at it.
Bookkeepers are problems for libraries.
Coin counterfeiting is a bad mintin' racket.
The Flanders native kept clearing his throat because he was phlegmish.	
I opened a shop selling budgerigars. They're flying off the shelves.
The busy fish chef had a lox on his plate.
Whenever the nurses have a bad day they just keep needling people.
The state funeral remains to be seen.
After the bank was robbed, the owner bought cows to beef up the security.
After the first hamburger press was made and became very successful, the inventor got a patty on the back.
When a guillotine executioner is layed off he gets severance.	
The first household lubricant was caster oil.	
John Deere's manure spreader is the only equipment the company won't stand behind.
I shouted from a mountaintop in Italy and a famous author answered. I definitely heard an Eco.
Luggage salespeople have to make a good case for you to buy.	
I drove around the Indianapolis Motor Speedway on my John Deere. I was on a track tour.
After going litter picking I found I was very knowledgeable in litterature.	
When the cigarette lighter salesman tried to win back his old flame he found that he had met his match.
The All-Pro wide receiver's wedding was a little bit shaky, but his reception was excellent.
Why did the inclined plane refuse to divorce the fulcrum? He couldn't lever.
I don't know why my eyeglass lenses were steamed up. I was mystified.
Tube tyres are not a patch on tubeless ones!
An embrace at a nudist colony is a bare hug.
The shop that sold ceramic heads was a bust.
People who plug their computer keyboards into hi-fi systems aren't idiots. That would be stereotyping.
The hoarfrost that forms on a daycare center's windows is called nursery rime.
How do you catch a skeleton? With a rib-cage.	
Ice cold coffee? Cool beans!
An offer of a free lunch was not enough to entice Freud to make a presentation at a Behaviourist Convention. He explained, 'There was nothing on the menu that was oedipal.'
I told my wife I thought the electrician had said he'd be over by noon, unless I got my wires crossed.	
The magazine's rationale for running the story was paper thin.
My only skill is knowing driving directions, but they tell me that's not going to get me anywhere in life.
The soap-eating cult was swallowing lyes in search of the truth.
Price of top of the range range-hoods goes through the roof!!
I used to be a watchmaker. It was a great job and I made my own hours.
A new country decided to conduct a flag poll.	
I chose my gastroenterologist based on gut feeling.	
Two florists got married. It was an arranged marriage.
The race dogs got a bad case of the fleas - they had to be scratched.
Your golf addiction is driving a wedge between us.
The pharaohs of Egypt worked out the first pyramid scheme.	
The triangular computer monitor business was just a big pyramid screen.
In attempting to cook Japanese food, I bento ver backwards learning proper technique.
When the King asked the fool for a joke the fool just shrugged. He was the court gesture.
There is something missing from my flower bouquet she said lackadaiscally.	
Fan of musical puns, Aria?
Hanging out with skyscraper builders is so boring! It's story after story.
A young corporal dislocated his arm during a battle but kept going. You could say he was shouldering on.
In order to have a successful luau, you have to go whole hog!
I finally got rid of that nasty electrical charge I've been carrying. I'm ex-static!
Did Delaware her New Jersey? I don't know, Alaska.	
The incontinent Scotsman had a wee accident.	
Synchronization of gears in modern bicycles is cognitively demanding.
The sad dentist looked down in the mouth.
He stayed at the auction to the bidder end.	
The new restaurant owner was told to invite a warehouse staff for lunch because he heard they have good pallets.
Two duchesses were arguing about their husbands. They decided to duke it out.	
There's a difference between good sound reasons and reasons that sound good.	
Stealing someone's coffee is called 'mugging'.	
This small hoodie fits pretty great, it's just hard to pull off.
Why was the orange sad? He had peelings for the apple.	
Moliere's influence on modern comedy just shows that he was very farce-sighted.
George Bush and Saddam Hussein went to war over iraqoncilable differences.
Aspiring physicians go to college and get indoctorinated.	
Everyone in the family knew that they had to join the spy agency. It was a clan destine operation.
A fired newspaper editor took an ex-press train out of town.	
The doctor couldn't transfer the organs because he didn't have the guts to do it.
Two astronauts who were dating put an end to it because they both needed their space.
The weather forecast was for freezing rain, and sure enough it was an ice day.	
The shop that sold ceramic heads was a bust.
I really regretted the inconsiderate comment I made. It was rued.
During my trip to Italy, I didn't do much. I just vegged out. When in Rome, do as the Romaines.
If your doctor is a quack, you have every right to duck him on the bill.
Cash cows control bull market stocks!
Sign in an electrician's shop � 'We will refuse you.'	
I take pictures of trees and plants while the sun is out. It really emphasizes photosynthesis.	
Even though his driver and woods had been stolen, the golfer continued to play 72 straight holes for charity. He was truly an ironman.
In a Scandinavian race the last Lapp crossed the Finnish line.	
Any type of criticism would aggregate the builder including constructive criticism.
The cemetery is the dead centre. It's where the local bodies meet.
I was into this dude named Berry but it turned out he wasn't ripe for me.
We should make a beer commercial. It sounds simply intoxicating.
An electrician claimed that his truck was a volts wagon.
A dentist with a toothache could have a bad impact on his patients.	
Hangmen always keep their customers in the loop.	
Have you read the book about hands? It's a real page turner.
Successful dieters might win the Nobelly prize.	
The great chef put in much thyme while learning his craft in Amsterdam - he likes to call them his 'Holland days.'
A rise in mercury sometimes mars life on earth, how else would nature planet?
The winds of change are raining coins of copper gold and silver.	
What you can buy for a dollar these days is absolute noncents.	
Dr. Jekyll's more successful second formula turned him into a world-class sprinter rather than a violent psychopath, proving that you can run but you can't always Hyde.	
My student was late for class, claiming he was in the washroom. I think he was stalling.
I probably have blind spots, but I don't see them.
An elevator makes ghosts happy because it lifts the spirits.	
The executioner decided to drop out of Executioner School. It was just too cut throat for him.
The first scientists who studied fog were mistified.	
It was really crowded at the diet doctor's office but then it thinned out.
When I heard she bought me a new CD, it was music to my ears.	
The state funeral remains to be seen.
Tire stores are highway rubbery.
As a short order cook he was a flash in the pan.	
Why did the agricultural presentation go so smoothly? They planted questions.
There is some Confucion about the oldest religion in China.	
She wanted the large estate quite badly but, she dared not mansion it to her frugal husband.
The mathematician worked at home because he only functioned in his domain.
Have you heard about that online origami store? It folded.
The worker at Cape Canaveral wanted to make a sandwich, so he went to the deli to buy some launchin' meat.
There was a colorful restaurant called the psycho deli.	
Married hang man were the best at their job, they knew how to tie the knot.
Golfers would wear wrinkled clothes if it weren't four irons.	
Because they moved into an apartment, they didn't need to cut the grass any mow.
A jockey wanted to be the city mare but things kept stallion until he got nagged.	
Astronauts like to do launch.	
Power saws are for people who like short-cuts.	
I once worked at a factory that made boat paddles. The starting pay was ten dollars an oar.
When the first telephone rang it was Alexander Graham's bell.
Yesterday I slept on a battery, it was a good power nap.
Why do all Marxists drink imitation tea? Because all proper tea is theft.
Land surveyors do not retire they scale down and plan their final plot before they get landed into it!
The Mafia decided to include beauty salons in their business and started a campaign of blacknailing.
You decide what kind of light bulbs to buy by a process of illumination.	
They owed me a lot of money for the new house - I billed them.
The meat truck took a long time to deliver because of the Jerky ride.	
The star asked the sun why the moon was always up so late. Sun responded that it was just a phase.
Doctors send patients to pool halls to find remarkable cuers.
When the money fell from my pocket I saw this punk reach for it, pointed my .357 Magnum at him and muttered, 'Go ahead, take my pay.'
Resigned to my fate, I bought 24 bottles of red wine. It was a case of syrah, syrah.
Her bees made such delicious honey, it was said that she could almost work magic with those bees. They called her Beatrix.
I love you mower today than yesterday, but not as mulch as tomorrow.
A crazy programmer with a cold is a coughing hacker.	
When astronauts die they run an orbituary.	
The government is going to charge for hitch-hiking. Thumb tax.	
Why don't some couples go to the gym? Because some relationships don't work out.	
He, who survives embalming, truly has esprit de corpse.
Bakers earn the majority of their income in the morning, they earn most of their dough at yeast by a leaven o'clock.
Funniness and cleverness have always been two notable factors for rating puns, but the third has groan in significance.
A dentist has to tell a patient the whole tooth.	
Financial advisers are paid to be right on the money.	
As usual, the chief meteorologist blustered his way through the staff meeting.
My watch broke yesterday, but I guess every clock has its time.
The origami artist won the court case because he was good with paperwork.
Missionaries like open hooded cars because they are convertible.	
While practicing the drums in the bassment, the boy fell, hit his head, and got a percussion.
Bauxite refining is a secret carefully guarded by the aluminati.
If you are among the cream of dairy inspectors, nothing cheesy gets pasteurize.
You've got more issues than Time magazine.
I've failed the mathematics test so many times I lost count.
The invention of a shirt fastener after the button was a snap.	
If you walk along a railroad track you may soon feel run down.	
Tree trimmers do such a fantastic job, they should take a bough.
A good baker will rise to the occasion, it's the yeast he can do.	
The doctor graduated bypassing the medical exam.	
I tinted my hair today. It was the highlight of my day.	
A man who wanted to sing in church was wondering if he should inquire.
There is rarely a sale on beer because the demand is always high so there's no need to create a buzz.
I have been blogging about my recent surgery and recovery from abdominal surgery. I call my blog 'The Chronicles of Hernia'.
Hemlock is a special attachment on a sewing machine.
Resigned to my fate, I bought 24 bottles of red wine. It was a case of syrah, syrah.
A Valentine's Day card is a hearty note.
The evil molecule couldn't be prosecuted during the day, so it had a nitrile instead.
I've baked you some rock cakes, take your pick.	
Old programmers never die .. they just lose their memory.	
A young sailor thought all of the waves were just swell.	
An irate loanshark owed money by John Stone proved that you Can get blood out of a stone.	
Earl Grey was away on business during the election. So he cast an absent-tea ballot.
Yesterday I accidentally swallowed some food coloring. The doctor says I'm OK, but I feel like I've dyed a little inside.	
My mailman should be a comedian, his delivery is perfect!
My friends call me Mesa because of my big butte.
The new weed whacker is cutting-hedge technology.
The eastern potentate spent money as if it were Emir drop in the bucket.	
A business man who wanted more ties bought some in Thailand where ties are very collar full.	
Once I tried illustrating currency books for a living. I never drew a dime.
A noun and a verb were dating but they broke up because the noun was too possessive.	
I used to be a watchmaker. It was a great job and I made my own hours.
Those who steal trains must have a loco-motive.	
When I'm lying on the floor, I feel like the whole world is against me.
The inventor of glass decided to see it through.	
Some power saws are a cut above the rest.	
After manually rotating the heavy machinery, the worker grew very cranky.
Jill broke her finger today, but on the other hand she was completely fine.
He took a gun to his watch because he wanted to kill time.	
California is the land of earthquakes and suntans or 'shake and bake'.	
Continually discovering new viruses can become a strain.	
I read this book about Mount Everest. It was quite the cliff hanger.	
Crosswords are what you hear when you distract someone working on a puzzle.
Riding the escalator is a step up from always walking on the same level.
To golf at your favorite course may require a long drive.	
Hear about the new EU approved pan? Apparently it isn't Greece proof.
I searched for designer compression stockings. My wife says it is because I'm so vein.
With certain cashiers, things are slow to register.	
If they ever have a contest for the best looking mannequin, there will be stiff competition.
Once you get your bearings vectors are easy.
The race horse went lame early. It was the first out of its gait.
What's the difference between a Shaker and a Quaker? About two points on the Richter Scale.	
Shine your shoes when they're new to keep them squeaky clean.	
I thought I only had enough flour to bake one loaf, but after I added yeast I had eleven breads.
Why did the admiral decide against buying a new hat? He was afraid of cap sizing.	
The British cannibal enjoyed snacking on fish and chaps.
On my chicken farm, I own the birds scratching around on the ground in the barn, but I am paying off the ones sitting on the roosts - they are on higher perches.
Did Gregor Mendel ever win the Nobel Peas Prize?
The job to die for, comes with a killer boss.
My friend and I are going to drive across the southern states of America, just to see how long it Texas.
A man named Jim Golf offered training on building golf courses called Golf's golf course course.	
I was too busy drinking to notice that all my cigarettes had gone ashtray.
A glide-path is a soar spot.
I've always pictured myself taking selfies.	
I recycle. I just bought a used Harley.
A restaurant owner gave his cooks a stirring speech.	
There are a lot of bakeries on the yeast coast.	
The compensation received by the Italian chef was a pretty penne.
First time hunters were arguing over which kind of animal tracks they had found when they were hit by a train.	
The ice at the rink has many ruts. I think the maintenance crew is slipping up.
People who take a lot of selfies are just trying to save face.
'Because' is a word to the whys.
I told my friend about the creative writing class I took, and she said that she had a simile experience.
A primitive tribe known as the Inno had no money - until they reached the age of Inno cents.	
Because they moved into an apartment, they didn't need to cut the grass any mow.
That butler isn't wearing his false teeth. I thought undentured servitude was illegal.
When she made Mario Puzo's books required reading for her class, she made him an author they couldn't refuse.
The student had such a big assignment, he had to burn his kindle at both ends.
The athlete claimed he long jumped over 25 feet. Actually his best jump only measured 23 feet. This was a clear case of leap fraud.
A restaurant had its two dishwashers sinkopated.	
A husband and wife argued over the weather, but it soon blew over.	
If you can't differentiate a blue collar and white collar worker by his hands, it is callous indifference.
A dentist gets on everybody's nerves.	
Being a fire-fighter ignited my interest heavily.	
I went to prom with a broken leg. During the slow dances my date could tell that I had a crutch on her.
He kept an alarm clock in the back window of his car. He was always ahead of his time.
A fierce storm blew through the mint. It created quite a windfall.	
I'm not happy with this Origami clothing. It always looks creased no matter how carefully I fold it.
No yelling on weekdays if you eat my dessert, but I scream Sunday.
He who talks with his mouth full is speaking ingest.	
A thousand dogs were stolen from a pet shop on Saturday. Police say they have no leads.	
The first time I got hold of a hang glider I had to wing it.	
The ophthalmologist was called to testify because he was the only eye witness.
What's a lightbulb's favorite movie? The Shining.
A fat pirate is a vast matey.
The bride's best friend is so proud, she's practically made of honor.
The Jedi Knight traded in his light saber for a light dagger. He had gone over to the dirk side.
I got fired from my job as a software engineer. I just couldn't get with the program.
Tubeless is a product of tireless effort!
Those who sell scales in shady deals don't want to give anything a weigh.	
Why was the snake mad at the jewel thief? Because he wanted his diamondback.	
If you golf on election day -- cast an absent-tee ballot.	
After he invented the light bulb, people saw Edison in a new light.	
The punctual zombie was undead on time.
They teach sea captains to blow the foghorn on a tutorship.	
Politicians get onto the merry-go-round and then put a spin on it.	
If a prince is thrown to the air he might also remember that he is heir to the throne.	
The pilot was a loner but even for him flying a drone was just too remote.
The chef said it would be rare moment if the waiter returned a steak with a burning issue after being so tender cooking it.
My cousin works in a chocolate shop. He works behind the bar.
In Egypt archaeologists pyramid the ruins for mummies and those places where ancient wrappers performed.
What do you call keys born on the same day? Twinkies!
The incontinent Scotsman had a wee accident.	
Those who invest in chocolate put their money behind bars.	
Where are average things made? In the satisfactory.
Goats in France are musical because they have french horns.	
'If you breathe heavily on the map, it will reveal topography,' he said, with a sigh of relief.	
Pennies from heaven are a blessing in de skies.	
The man who bought too much graphing paper didn't know where to draw the line.
A waist is a terrible thing to mind.	
The size a dieter would like to get to is the sighs of relief.	
Mathematicians are sum worshippers.
The fertiliser business is a growing industry.
I didn't have the faintest idea as to why I passed out.
What kind of tree grows on your hand? A palm tree.
Some people are on seefood diets: they see food ... they eat it.	
I don't know how to put on a helmet - the whole idea goes right over my head.	
The boatyard had a sale advertising 'Ketch of the day'.
So I understand they've developed polyethylene sails for boats now. I guess it's clear sailing from here on.
Qwertyus, god of keyboards, is a character from geek mythology.
Any type of criticism would aggregate the builder including constructive criticism.
When the pirate captain's ship ran aground he couldn't fathom why.
When it comes to drinks, citrus fruit juices are always in the limelight.
The dead batteries were given out free of charge.	
Gravy is baste on turkey drippings.
A king is old when he reaches the age of sovereignty.	
When his wife demanded that he give up polo, he decided to chukker.
Never argue with your doctor. He has inside information.	
'I am presently employed', said the gift wrapper.
I'm going to the guillotine at dawn and my wife has already collected my severance pay.
I only listen to waltzes 3/4 of the time.
A king measures his line with a ruler.	
Selling gasoline too cheaply would be fuelish.	
The baseball pitcher's personality needed some polish. He was a diamond in the rough.
The liquor store advertised, 'We De-Liver.'
A new country decided to conduct a flag poll.	
Vampires use must use mouthwash because they have bat breath.
Finding all possible logical relations between a finite collection of sets is not a matter of If but Venn.
Clement Moore was tying his tie before going to Christmas Eve service. He said, 'Twas the knot before Christmas.'
The executioner decided to drop out of Executioner School. It was just too cut throat for him.
The tap dancer's routine ran hot and cold.
Bakers trade bread recipes on a knead to know basis.	
Flying these days is a frisky business.	
The evil onion had many lairs.
The police auction was a complete bust.
The roundest knight at king Arthur's round table was Sir Cumference.	
A scientist doing a large experiment with liquid chemicals was trying to solve a problem when he fell in and became part of the solution.	
A friend told me he dug a hole in my backyard and filled it with water. I thought he meant well.	
She was only a whisky maker but he loved her still.	
Those who have icicles keep a stiff upper drip.	
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.	
I used to be able to clap with just one hand. But that was Zen, this is Tao.
With organic whiskey, one may attain the stupornatural.
When you buy a cork board, do you pay thumb tax?
Automatic machines that compete in sculling are rowbots.
Marie was curious about radium.
The coffee tasted like mud because it was ground a couple of minutes ago.
After the bank was robbed, the owner bought cows to beef up the security.
What's the deal with negotiations?
I need Gestalt reasoning like I need a whole in the head.
The produce grocer keeps his eyes peeled for potatoes and slips through bunches of bananas every week at the farmers market.
The dermatologist and his wife enjoyed the backyard BBQ, while their children played a game of skin tag.
He stared at his belly button so much, he was promoted to navel officer.	
A bank manager who was also a high jumper spent most of his time in the vault.	
News of a coming flood was leaked.	
What do you call a musician who steals sheet music? A clef-to maniac.
I discovered that existence is no more than a never-ending circle in a roundabout kind of way.
My mom ran out of poultry seasoning so she winged it.
The big city reporter did not impress the Idaho potato farmer, after all he was just a commentator.
There was a colorful restaurant called the psycho deli.	
My mom asked me what kind cheese I wanted, and I havarti made my decision.	
In parking lots, arguments often start from scratch.	
Advert for viewing a garden - 'No entrance charge - Comfrey'.
An accountant at a coffee company is known as a bean counter.	
There was a sale at the fish market today. I went to see what was the catch.
When vegetables want to converse with petunias, they use a cell phone and cauliflower.	
If there was someone selling drugs in this place, weed know.
Trichinosis offers eaters of raw pork two choices: cease and desist, or cyst and decease.
How does an investor get clean socks? He goes to the stock exchange.	
What do you call Batman disguised as a pastry chef? The Crepe'd Crusader.	
There is a growing body of obesity research.	
When there was a murder backstage at the Grammys they couldn't find DNA but they did find Prince.	
A sewer is a tailor.
I started to work at a seafood buffet, but then I pulled a mussel.	
They came out with a GPS device for bird watchers that has tern by tern directions.
Mooning is lunacy.
The owner of the hair salon had to make cuts on his staff.
A baker always put too much flour in his bread because he was a gluten for punishment.	
When my granddaughter lost her baby molar she was demolarised and brushed the tooth fairy claim.
Then there was the dictator who wanted to conquer the world, but was delayed while counting the feet of his soldiers. His was a toe-tally tarrying regime.
That podiatrist is very sneaky. Give him an arch, he will take a foot.
I went for a drink with a Matador the other day. I had a tea, he had a cafe au lait.
What part of the United States produces the largest number of cardiologists? The heartland.
I'm going to be discussing global warming next week, it's quite a heated topic.	
As a surgeon he was famous for his short cuts.	
The ancient Japanese leader lost his legs in a logging accident, and became a sawed-off Shogun.
Luridly sailing by the clock on a sea of mucus is a phlegmbuoyant pastime.
The Chinese pizzeria murder mystery genre is a novel dough mein.
This morning, my IT guy checked on an install and I raised my empty coffee cup and said, 'Java Installed.'
The Egyptian cinema usherette sold religious icons in the daytime. Sometimes she got confused and called out, 'Get your choc isis here!'
Television sets in Britain have to cross the English Channel.	
Having been diagnosed with a hernia has bothered me to my core.
People who hate the marines are rotten to the corps.	
The passenger couldn't find where his next flight was, but then he made the connection.	
I was fired from my job selling amplifiers. I didn't achieve the sufficient volume of sales.
A locksmith is a key employee.
On a long trek nomads use camels to get them over the hump.	
The sore mummy needed a Cairo-practor.	
My friend is moving to Seoul. He thought it would be a good Korea move.
I went out for a run this morning and tripped over, I could have been wearing the wrong size shoes, I haven't seen the footage yet.
The shareholders of a compass manufacturer were concerned that the company wasn't heading in the right direction.
I'll never forget that rainstorm near Los Angeles and how the rain came down in Torrance.
New years resolution for the bankrupt gardener was to forget the past and rely on the fuchsia.	
My wife is feeling better after getting her appendix removed. Unfortunately, she will never be able to reference this chapter of her life.
The man who bought too much graphing paper didn't know where to draw the line.
Prosecution of the faulty limpet mine manufacturer began but the charges just wouldn't stick.
Two peanuts were walking in a tough neighborhood and one of them was a-salted.	
The dessert chef was very smart. He had graduated Pie Baker Kappa.
The people who knew John Venn liked him, hated him, or a little bit of both.
Two surgeons had a heart to heart.	
If a waiter doesn't succeed he has to tray tray tray again.	
I suspected our new house guest was a terrorist. He asked to sleep on a blow up mattress.
When the church relocated it had an organ transplant.
I believe I will be able to run my car on politicians promises but I'm having trouble with the fool injection system.
My tennis opponent was not happy with my serve. He kept returning it.
Those who like dark beer are beyond the pale.	
"Have some chocolate covered cherries," she said cordially.
Many people suffer terribly from hay fever. Isn't this news simply a pollen?
Obituaries of those hanged in the old west used to be posted in the noose paper.
Archimedes set out to invent a water pump and screwed it up.
A portrayal of dictators on film required a tsar-studded cast.
Don't let a candy seller sweet talk you.	
The recent graduate of law school took a field trip to an automated warehouse to finish up his bar code requirements.
If you need to count your pennies you are definitely looking for a disc-count.	
My phone has to wear glasses ever since it lost its contacts.
The doors just broke, I could fix it, but it hinges on other things.	
I was struggling to figure out how lightning works then it struck me.
A shotgun is an exhausted rifle.
What is it called when Legolas takes his own picture? An elfie.	
California is the land of earthquakes and suntans or 'shake and bake'.	
Women who wear $200.00 perfume obviously are known to have no common scents.
When he proposed to her, she found it very engaging.	
I stink at fractions. I'm not half as good as the class.	
Of all the philosophers, Descartes can carry the most things.	
When I opened the first snow-pea pod, one fell out and rolled under the fridge. One might say it was an escapea.
George Bush and Saddam Hussein went to war over iraqoncilable differences.
What kind of pumpkin protects castles? A royal gourd!	
Finding area is an integral part of calculus.
'If you breathe heavily on the map, it will reveal topography,' he said, with a sigh of relief.	
I need to do my philosophy homework but I just Kant.
When the perfume factory magnate died it was discovered that he didn't leave his heirs a scent.
An accountant at a coffee company is known as a bean counter.	
Used shoes can be re-soled.	
The ghost never took sides during arguments. He was super neutral.
After three days of fishing, the musician hoped he would catch a bassoon.
A successful diet is the triumph of mind over platter.	
Global warming campaigners lament the invention of the infernal combustion engine.
The forecast for the weather in the kitchen is chili today and hot tamale.	
Ever since the mayor's ban on flammable liquids, fewer arsonists have benzene around town.
Are people who spend time thinking about one-liners punsive?
The electrician got his supplies at the outlet store.
My friend brought me a Swedish cake. I later discovered it was Stollen.
I hate elevators! They just drive me up the wall!
I get distracted by all the meats in the deli section, must be my short attention spam.
I don't like hanging out at the pancake house, that place gives me the crepes!
The sledder who got injured realized that his wounds were more than he tobogganed for.
When I opened the first snow-pea pod, one fell out and rolled under the fridge. One might say it was an escapea.
For this tree pun I had to go out on a limb and branch out to some other sources.	
The valuable dog was still missing, believed stolen, however the police announced they have a lead.	
The trampoline was on sale for fifty per cent off. Needless to say I jumped on the offer.
The IRS left a message on my cell phone that I owed them more money. It was a taxed message.
Why do ship captains understand their sons so well? They're able to fathom the depth of their buoys!
Where are average things made? In the satisfactory.
John Hancock didn't retire, he just resigned.
You know the problem with grapes these days. People just aren't raisin them right.	
Airline pilots make many friends in high places.	
With the apocalypse approaching, armageddon out of here!
He stayed at the auction to the bidder end.	
We spent all day debating about housefires. It was quite a heated argument.
Is the water on your farm healthy? Yes, we only have well water.
I ordered that a vault and speakers be delivered at my home yesterday. They arrived safe and sound.
The sore mummy needed a Cairo-practor.	
The psychotic florist created many flower derangements.
An umbilical cord is a navel vessel.
The long-shot was leading the Kentucky Derby, but not furlong.
Did you hear about the nervous preacher? He had sweaty psalms.
They were married by candle-light, but the marriage lasted only a wick.	
Eiffel in love in Paris.
Some mathematicians are reluctant to cosine a loan.
A hangman telling a joke can be cord-ial but he will string you along to the punish line.	
I've been to the dentist several times so I know the drill.
Can Napoleon return to his place of birth? Of Corsican.
The best street for locating a gas station is Fillmore Avenue.
Only the squares are doing well in geometry class. It's their area.
Ice cold coffee? Cool beans!
She wanted the large estate quite badly but, she dared not mansion it to her frugal husband.
If you get sick at the airport it could be a terminal illness.	
This small hoodie fits pretty great, it's just hard to pull off.
Two college students die in head on collision, police say they were on a crash course.	
The church insisted on a new seminary graduate. They were looking for greener pastors.
What do you call committed bachelors? Heartful Dodgers.
If Hawaii was criss-crossed with many highways, some people might think of it as a road island.
Whoever served up the wine at that banquet did a pour job.
Food that goes rotten while being transported to the store is un-pallet-able.	
The glider pilot radioed that he had caught the jet stream in a long-winded message.	
I love Wi-Fi so much because we just have that connection.
I was late starting to put the insulation at the front and now I'm lagging behind.
I told the psychiatrist that I was afraid of strangers talking about the founder of stoicism. He said I had zenophobia.
Sailing is like oil drilling because they're both crewed businesses.
When he switched from horses to sailing, his life took on a new tack.	
His day job was astronomy but at night time he was moonlighting.	
The mother kangaroo tried to instill good financial habits in her baby. She told him to pocket all his allowance.
The constables held the boat thief at bay.
Beginning gardeners work by trowel and error.	
The optometrist ran for mayor because he was a visionary.
Even covered in salad dressing my lettuce looked bare, so I put some cloves on it.
A contest between church choirs is the battle of the choral see.
The most striking feature of a match is its distinctive red head.
I couldn't quite remember how to throw a boomerang, but eventually it came back to me.
Sainthood is a gangster who truly repented.
The forensic psychologist was irritable because judges and juries tried his patients.
Under doctor's advice, I am laying off eggs for a while.
Stairs are useful and all, but elevators are really some next level technology.
If you golf on election day -- cast an absent-tee ballot.	
Why did the farmer grow so many pumpkins? Because he was gourd at it.
The obese editor started a weight redaction program.
What is a thesaurus' favorite dessert? Synonym buns.
Do you know how the sky was created? It was airborne.
I used to work at a knife factory, but then it got dull.	
A lot of brave men fought and died in San Antonio, Texas, which is Alamo reason to remember.	
The hoarfrost that forms on a daycare center's windows is called nursery rime.
It's hard for politicians treason with terrorists.	
A range-finder is a person who goes shopping for a new stove.
My brother is a logger, the job can get pretty dangerous. He hasn't had an injury yet though, knock on wood.
The fine print is usually a clause for suspicion.	
Once I tried illustrating currency books for a living. I never drew a dime.
I ate a curry that was so spicy it put me in a korma.
I want to open a photo processing store in a developing country.
The sardine factory reeled job applicants in by promoting a can do atmosphere.
His surgeon wanted to give him a free lobotomy saying, "think nothing of it".	
Data got into so much trouble, her parents sent her packeting.
I crossed a cell phone with a skunk, and now the service stinks.
Two hats were hanging on a hat rack in the hallway. One hat says to the other, 'You stay here, I'll go on a head.'.	
The fastest, most efficient way to make Halloween costumes is mask production.
Do hotel managers get board with their jobs?
When Jesus entered Jerusalem, people waved palm branches because they were being frondly.
Ten years without brushing causes horrible tooth decade.	
It's a clumsy reflection of yourself when you break a mirror.
When the big fish got caught, the jig was up.	
If you can't choose between an angry psychic and a sad psychic, you'll have to find a happy medium.
Optometrists live long because they dilate.
His decision to become a pilot was up in the air.	
I love you mower today than yesterday, but not as mulch as tomorrow.
A girl entered a hair styling class, but failed and didn't make the braid.
Semaphore was flagged away as a form of communication decades ago.
Why did the cyclist not win the race? He wasn't pumped up.	
The bargain store promised a free abacus with every purchase, but I wouldn't count on it.
I told my wife I thought the electrician had said he'd be over by noon, unless I got my wires crossed.	
I'm prone to lying.
When the pirate captain's ship ran aground he couldn't fathom why.
Abstinence leaves a lot to be desired.
The explorer was surprised when the Amazon swallowed his companion, because they were still far from the river mouth.
Even the smallest egg farms are multi-layer organisations.
A mathematician that couldn't stop adding up recently went incremental.
After the six campers were discovered missing from their tents the state police began to canvas the area.
Permanent press is a cycle of news laundering.
I was caught studying the periodic table in English class. It was an elementary mistake.
If you send a letter to the Philippines put it in a Manila envelope.	
In medical matters it's nurses who call the shots.	
When the money fell from my pocket I saw this punk reach for it, pointed my .357 Magnum at him and muttered, 'Go ahead, take my pay.'
My son's spelling test consisted of synonyms of the word incorrect. He was able to write every wrong.
The airlines have become so cash-strapped, they charged me for my emotional baggage.
When he kicked the invoice, it didn't mean he wanted to foot the bill.	
The king never let any of his personal musicians go swimming immediately after eating for fear that they would get minstrel cramps.
The geologist went to the doctor because he had a loss of apatite.
Hey Chad, Kenya shake Djibouti while dancing the Congo?
The Board of Directors of the Brewery prepared their first draft before commencement!
Telling a demolitionist how to do his job is destructive criticism.
Making gloves is a real hands-on experience.
An arctic survey was called the north poll.	
Those who have icicles keep a stiff upper drip.	
The next iPhone will be a huge 6s!
I was going to tell you a joke about infinity, but it didn't have an ending!	
When a doctor got a bad cut the nurse said 'suture self'.	
The carpenter purchased his measuring stick at a yard sale last week.
Harry and Clem the carpenters, argued mightily on how best to complete the dinette set they were working on. They finally agreed to table the discussion.
I got a job in the transmission shop. It's shift work.	
Two astronauts who were dating put an end to it because they both needed their space.
History has been unfair to Salome. She was just an ambitious young woman who wanted to get ahead.
The European snow storm was so bad it caused a continental drift.
In a family 'Coffee Business' intake of outsiders is a filtered process to prevent spilling the beans!
The lumberjack loved his new computer. He especially enjoyed logging in.
My skiing skills are really going downhill.	
Proper punctuation can make the difference between a sentence that's well-written and a sentence that's, well, written.
Little Jimmy told his teacher he never saw a humming bird but he had watched a spelling bee.
If you spend too much time in the coffee shop you'll be latte for work.
Straw hats are no longer in their hay day.	
Cashiers really know how to take charge.	
I got angry when my cell phone battery died. My counselor suggested I find an outlet.
Some people marry for love, others for wealth. That's why it is called match or money.
Golf is a lot like taxes - you drive hard to get to the green and end up in the hole.	
A spelunker held out on revealing the treasure's location until he finally caved in.	
Earl Grey was away on business during the election. So he cast an absent-tea ballot.
When he gave his wife a necklace he got a chain reaction.	
Are people who spend time thinking about one-liners punsive?
Gravy is baste on turkey drippings.
When the scientist wanted to clone a deer, he bought a doe it yourself kit.
Execution with a noose causes a real hangover.	
Since I went to work in the plumbing department of the home center, I have developed a multi-fauceted personality disorder.	
A lawyer asked his dentist to give him a retainer.	
The first scientists who studied fog were mistified.	
Trophy shops often will give customers floss with their purchase to eliminate plaque problems.
A relief map shows where the restrooms are.
There is rarely a sale on beer because the demand is always high so there's no need to create a buzz.
I moved onto a boat in Hong Kong's harbour to avoid unsolicited advertising material but all I got was junk mail.
The waiter was six foot eight, and handled many a tall order.	
Last night I dreamt of a babbling brook. I had a stream of unconsciousness.
Fashion is something that goes in one era and out the other.	
If you crash into a Volkswagen Golf, does that make a hole in one?
The mass murderer was always grumpy. He was a surly ol' killer.
What sounds last call? A barbell.
The doctor graduated bypassing the medical exam.	
Why would an hour glass only take half an hour to finish? It was filled with quick sand.
I wonder if you can get through the locks of the Panama Canal with Florida Keys?	
I ordered that a vault and speakers be delivered at my home yesterday. They arrived safe and sound.
He was teed off with his bad start, driving the ball almost beyond the green, but he was able to putt it behind him.
What is a doctor's favorite type of weapon? A shotgun!	
Trench warfare should always be a last ditch effort.	
I saw a poster for a company offering free quotes, so I called them and asked for something profound.
No one knew she had a dental implant until it came out in a conversation.
Those who change the color of their food are on a dye-it.	
Some people like to whine and dine.	
The hardcore happy house dance club opened to rave reviews.
Since I've taken the job in The Everglades I've been swamped!
People might think I'm a bit of a square, but that just means I'm exactly right on every angle.
A lawyer asked his dentist to give him a retainer.	
Mischievous lambs post their videos on Ewe Tube.
Sign at a place where you lose weight: 'Stop Look and Lessen'.	
I must have had the chalkboard flu because today I feel remarkable.
Our Boy Scouts' knot-tying class went off without a hitch.	
When a woman returns new clothing, that's post traumatic dress syndrome.
Waiters are good at multiplication because they know their tables.	
When the window fell into the incinerator, it was a pane in the ash to retrieve.
Weight loss pills stolen this morning - police say suspects are still at large.
The dentist put braces on his patient as a stop-gap measure.
He was trying to sell me new windows, but his motivations were transparent.	
I wanted to buy my wife some fancy soap, but she would not have a bar of it.
A doorbell salesman joined the choir, and chimed right in.	
Dentists have their own flossify on how to keep teeth clean.	
The futile search for magnetite became a wild gauss chase.
If a fraternity open a coffee shop they would specialize in fratacinno.
I thought I packed a memory card for my camera, but I forgot it.
After his computer problems he decided on a Crash course in security.	
I was going to look for my missing watch, but I could never find the time.
Diets are for people who are thick and tired of it all.	
There was a big paddle sale at the boat store. It was quite an oar deal.
The rumor that only strained orange juice is healthy was a good example of pulp fiction.
Teaching your slinky new tricks is like spring training.
The lights were too bright at the Chinese restaurant so the manager decided to dim sum.
The eye doctor claimed he was framed by an optical illusion when his patient wore contact lenses during recent exam.
In times like these the value of Chinese currency should make Americans pay attention. Instead, too many of us just yuan.
A contest between church choirs is the battle of the choral see.
Dentists don't like a hard day at the orifice.	
When I got the bill for the engine rebuild, I blew a gasket!
On the commodities exchange when the price of corn goes up some farmers are all ears. Others are only interested in the stalk market.	
I know a rancher who has 100 head of cattle, but he thought there were only 99 until he rounded them up.
I took up teaching fencing as I wanted my students to get the point.
I would tell you a leech joke, but it would suck anyway.	
When Peter Pan punches, they Neverland.
There was a cook that had mushroom for improvement.	
A novice skier often jumps to contusions.
I had a job at the bowling alley. Not for long though, I was only tenpin.	
Time is important to fullbacks. They are always rushing.
I used to do balance and rotations at an auto shop. I felt like I was just spinning my wheels and decided to retire.
The satellite went into orbit on January 1st causing a new year�s revolution.	
Those who wear sleeveless shirts like to defend the right to bare arms.	
I noticed that the sun was out, and nobody had bothered to relight it.
What do you call a melon that's not allowed to get married? Can't elope.	
A surgery nurse was demoted for being absent without gauze.	
A surgeon's comments are incisive remarks.
Sellers of dried grapes are always raisin awareness.	
Isn't it strange that Sitting Bull fought at Custer's Last Stand?
Computer programs for gambling need beta testing.	
A dentist named Phil McCavity always quit work at tooth-hurtie.	
My dentist is sneaky. He pulled a fast one!
The fruit farmer is berry competitive in his field.
A sewer is a tailor.
When the bottom of a cargo ship got a hole, it had one hull of a problem.
Chefs have the skillet takes to be good at what they do.	
I used to do balance and rotations at an auto shop. I felt like I was just spinning my wheels and decided to retire.
I think I screwed up with the construction. I couldn't nail it.
Butchers link sausage to make ends meat.
You use a lumberjack when your tree is flat.
I moved onto a boat in Hong Kong's harbour to avoid unsolicited advertising material but all I got was junk mail.
In the army mess hall, the men were getting fed up.	
How do you find a missing train? Follow the tracks.	
Things can go either way at a kissing gate.
Wally wasn't sure in which branch of the Army he wanted to serve, but he gravitated toward the paratroops.
Why not take a break in the south of France? You've nothing Toulouse.
Dental care in Panama is called a route canal.
Jack sold a cow for some beans, came home to his mother, and spilled the beans.	
He frequently practices furtive looks to operate at peek efficiency.
Are you willing Tibet I've never seen a yak?	
A plumber's pipe dream was to tap all his resources to become multifauceted.
The IRS visited the bronze maker and got down to brass tax.	
I work in a sweater factory. It's a very clothes-knit community.
Dead languages have to be encrypted.	
Working in the bakery left her with a loathe of bread.
Our Boy Scouts' knot-tying class went off without a hitch.	
He drank so much at 16 years old that they called him a juvenile deliquid.	
The White House has many Power drills.	
Purchasing tires made me aware of inflationary pressures.
When buying a battery you should never have to charge it.	
I've heard about the rumors that I keep vats of acid at my home, but they're lyes -- all lyes!
He was trying to sell me new windows, but his motivations were transparent.	
The pirates were fighting with each other because they didn't have good anchor management.
Is the training given to expectant parents apparenticeship?
I bought me some of those new paper shirts. I don't like them - they're tearable.
I've never taken an elevator to the basement floor, that's just beneath me.
When scissors were first invented, they were on the cutting edge.	
The cannibal hitman preferred take out food.
A man who cannot read the sign that warns people from throwing garbage on the ground is illiterate.	
What is it called when Legolas takes his own picture? An elfie.	
Promiscuous is the Greek Goddess of liberal favors.
I can never understand my trigonometry teacher because he always talks in sine language.
When Plato discovered he was out of food, he decided to go shop at the stoa.
Long lines at fast food cause wait gain.
That cattle farmer is upset. He is raising kine.
What do you call the garden police? Lawn and Order.	
Florence Nightingale had many suitors because men liked to go with the Flo.	
Those who polish cars so that they shine work in a buffer zone.	
My boyfriend and I started to date after he backed his car into mine. We met by accident.
The two congressmen disagreed about what sort of pan should be used to cook pancakes. Another example of griddlelock.
My battery had an alkaline problem, so it went to AA meetings.	
As a surgeon he was famous for his short cuts.	
Politicians get onto the merry-go-round and then put a spin on it.	
When the plane hit turbulence, the passengers went flying.	
I just got my permit to harvest shrimp in the Antarctic. Now I have a licence to Krill.
I read this book about Mount Everest. It was quite the cliff hanger.	
The cat burglar was accused of felineous intent.
Why was the broom having a bad day? He didn't get enough sweep.
A doctor drank while putting on patients' casts. He was soon plastered.	
A boating accident between the yacht, Red Dawn, and the schooner, Blue Lagoon, left the survivors marooned.
She said she never sat for the artist. The fact she is now being portrayed as a painted lady is a frame-up.
The ex-lumberjack will be sawly missed.
Some people's noses and feet are built backwards: their feet smell and their noses run.	
Wounds heal better if they are covered. This is an example of gauze and effect.
I'm reading a book about black holes by Stephen Hawking, it really draws you in.
Why are all businessmen fat? Must be all the inflation.
If the mint makes 25 cent pieces it should expect quarterly profits.	
He, who survives embalming, truly has esprit de corpse.
In some conifer forests, you can't cedar wood for the trees.
The little green men told me it was the Dog Star. I told them they can't be Sirius.
A hurricane is a stick used to encourage speed.
How do spacemen add more protein to their diet? They make it meteor.
Are Philosophy papers graded with Marx out of ten?
Some mathematicians are reluctant to cosine a loan.
When I was starving to death, my children gave me a raisin to keep on living.
The soap-eating cult was swallowing lyes in search of the truth.
The Vikings landed during thunder and lightning and took the city by storm.	
Our Lady of Perpetual Motion Convent received a government subsidy for their fleet of minivans because they qualified as a mass transit system.
A young nurse was nervous about giving vaccinations but gave it her best shot.	
A spelunker held out on revealing the treasure's location until he finally caved in.	
There is a growing body of obesity research.	
He took a gun to his watch because he wanted to kill time.	
When kissing flowers, tulips are better than one.	
The invention of the lock was the key to success.
The astronaut decided to give the aliens some space.
Hemlock is a special attachment on a sewing machine.
To plan beforehand for a cold winter is pre-furable.	
They came out with a GPS device for bird watchers that has tern by tern directions.
If I study to become a roofing expert in the future, will I be preparing for the here rafter?
The first time I used an elevator it was really uplifting, then it let me down.
Geology class is the foundation of a decent education.
A young corporal dislocated his arm during a battle but kept going. You could say he was shouldering on.
Why didn't the little boy ask the flight attendant for a snack? He didn't have the nuts.
Due to censorship, prison messages are often taken out of context.
Have you heard about that online origami store? It folded.
What do you call a car that has been copied? A replicar.	
I bought a ton of staples and pushpins all for $3.99, plus tacks.
The job to die for, comes with a killer boss.
Not being able to iron out all of his problems made the dry cleaner very depressed.
Luggage salespeople have to make a good case for you to buy.	
The queen told the prince that he was a royal pain.	
My wife is trying to lose weight but continues to frequent the coffee shops for rich beverages and delicacies. You could say she is making a moccary of her diet.
The poor speller tried to express his reluctance to repeat sixth grade, but words failed him.
Victims of bad construction in the orient are 'bamboozled'.	
Tired well worn expressions need to be phrased out of the language.
They won't know who robbed the Scotch factory until they check the tape.
My cavity wasn't fixed by my regular dentist, but by a guy who was filling in.	
The fact that he was a bad golfer was a fore-gone conclusion.	
The concert violinist believed in exercise, consequently, he was fit as a fiddle.
How do I handle change? I put it in the parking meter.
I was once attacked by a bunch of cigarettes. I had the cigars to prove it!
If word processing a presentation about guns -- be sure to know how to use bullets.	
A wig van blew up on the motorway - police are combing the area.	
Cheap adhesive is tacky.
The people stand up for royalty. The queen sits down for royal tea.	
The evil onion had many lairs.
Beginning gardeners work by trowel and error.	
Two cooks disagreed but decided to hash it over.	
A waiters union representative is call the chop steward.	
My mom asked me what kind cheese I wanted, and I havarti made my decision.	
They said he drank 2 bottles of whisky a day, but it wasn't true. He had to scotch those rumours right away.
After buying a new pair of denim pants, the young man became very congenial the rest of day.
There is no point in going to an acupuncturist, if you don't pin your hopes on him for full recovery.
My brother wishes he could compose smutty verse as good as mine. Is this scribbling ribaldry?
Aspiring physicians go to college and get indoctorinated.	
Show me someone in denial and I'll show you a person in Egypt up to their ankles.	
When the plant couldn't absorb water properly he sought a xylem.	
Eating oysters can help you increase your mussel tone.
The bank's clients went belly-up due to phishing operations.
Did you hear of the football coach trained a chicken to fly? He ended up having a personal foul for excessive aviation.
The diners were fully sated, unaware that the wurst was yet to come.
I wanted a car but I couldn't a Ford oneF.
An English teacher, who was dreadfully afraid of insects, while on a picnic screamed like a little girl when he saw there was an antonym.
A friend told me he dug a hole in my backyard and filled it with water. I thought he meant well.	
Computer hackers surf the web on keyboards.	
MISSOURI asked me to borrow MISSISSIPPIS's NEW JERSEY. I said 'I don't know - ALASKA'.	
The boatyard had a sale advertising 'Ketch of the day'.
The gourmet diner after consuming several plates of fish eggs, developed a caviar attitude about appetizers.
The boxer wasn't a good comedian. He can't find the right hook.	
The king and queen played chess in their castle at knight.	
Some scientists who study our genes are so busy they do it on the fly.
A friend of mine found out he has the bird flu. He thinks he was a victim of fowl plague.
The environmentalist rode his bike 20 miles in the morning and 20 more in the evening. He loved recycling.
He often played the violin with his wife, but she never played second fiddle.	
The Irish should be rich because their capital is always Dublin.	
With copper unavailable, continued operation of the mint would make no cents.
Before the scientist discovered taste buds, they were on the tip of his tongue.	
When it was hot and sunny I saw a line of blokes outside a hairdressers. I thought what a lovely day to have a barber queue!
Of all sports humor, football is my favorite. I get a kick out of the punts.
A lawyer who likes to go fishing is an attorney-at-lure.
The explorer was surprised when the Amazon swallowed his companion, because they were still far from the river mouth.
Golfers hate cake because they might get a slice.	
Occasionally in the Caribbean there's a total calypso the sun.	
The bride's best friend is so proud, she's practically made of honor.
He was a great mathematician, although he did leave naught behind for his family.
I thought Santa was going to be late, but he arrived in the Nick of time.
Did you hear about the owl that fell for twin comedians and had two wits to woo?
The environmentalist rode his bike 20 miles in the morning and 20 more in the evening. He loved recycling.
I'll admit to not being much of a plumber so when I tried to repair my toilet I couldn't get a handle on it.
After watching Casino Royale, girls flocked to a chemistry class because they heard there was a single bond there.
She got fired from the hot dog stand for putting her hair in a bun.
To expectorate is bad grammar, because it is a spit infinitive.
Coin counterfeiting is a bad mintin' racket.
Backups are usually a good thing unless it's a sewer.	
While delivering 1000 gallons of dark pigment, he almost painted, then blacked out.	
What kind of flooring do alligator hunters use? Reptiles!
Ralph was kicked off the skydiving team because he couldn't chute straight.
I don't like tops of stairs. They always bring me down.
I tried to get friendly with the archer's daughter, butt after he threatened to clout and nock me about, I decided to bow out.
The gravity was so powerful, I couldn't stand it.	
When asked about rumors that he owned a bakery, Shakespeare replied, 'It's much a-dough about muffin.'
I don't like tops of stairs. They always bring me down.
Power drills have been improved bit by bit.	
Ambidextrose: An IV in both arms.
Molecules boiling points vary to some degree.
I saw something similar to moss the other day, but I didn't know what to lichen it to.
Lightning sometimes shocks people because it just doesn't know how to conduct itself.
The patron saint of poverty is St. Nickeless.
You pay your psychiatrist with a sanity check.	
I always believed my body was a prison for me. I was right, in biology I learnt they were made of cells.
I just finished reading Newton's Principia Mathematica, and found much of it to be rather derivative.
They tried to save him with an I.V. but it was all in vein.	
A river dredging project was to undergo an in depth audit.	
Milk as the udder alternative has been heifer a long time.	
She memorized just what kind of locket she wanted, by heart.	
When Jesus entered Jerusalem, people waved palm branches because they were being frondly.
They argued about their vacation and finally stayed at the last resort.	
A patient came running to my psychiatry office screaming "I'm a teepee! I'm a wigwam!" I told him "Relax, you're two tents".	
A teacher harshly corrected a student on a math problem. I guess he got schooled.	
When milking a nervous goat, kid gloves should be used.
If you are among the cream of dairy inspectors, nothing cheesy gets pasteurize.
It is difficult to escape being a peasant because resistance is feudal.
Parking - an average sovereign.
The bridegroom got to the church when he was supposed to. He was at the rite place at the rite time.
Shakespeare's parrot was the bird of Avon.
He took roller skates to Mount Everest so he could be a high roller.	
The use of drones to deliver magazines will certainly raise some issues.
I once knew a guy who had fish and chips every day for a year. His stomach took a battering.
Why do all Marxists drink imitation tea? Because all proper tea is theft.
Calendars are always up to date.	
Yukon dream of living in the north but it isn't worth Aleutian sleep about it.	
The best floor exercise gymnasts come from Palm Springs.
I thought I only had enough flour to bake one loaf, but after I added yeast I had eleven breads.
What is a lumberjack's favorite month? Septimber!
If money talks, why do we need bank tellers?	
Be kind to your dentist because he has fillings too.	
I have a high fidelity phone - it can only call my wife's number.
I got my child to sleep last night by just repeatedly saying 'bursary'. It was the only nursery rhyme I could think of.
The pilot was a loner but even for him flying a drone was just too remote.
The mushroom farmer improved his morel, by pressing a button and going to portabella for harvest.	
Some cardinals got their feathers ruffled when the pope gave away the church's nest egg to the poor.
Personal ads on the Internet are a kind of dater-processing.	
How do they figure out the price of hammers? Per pound.	
'I am presently employed', said the gift wrapper.
Sign at a place where you lose weight: 'Stop Look and Lessen'.	
I've never killed a deer before but I'll take a shot at it.
The little green men told me it was the Dog Star. I told them they can't be Sirius.
If chickens could choose any car at all to be given to them, they would choose a free Range Rover.
The knights facing each other at King Arthur's table disagreed a lot, because they were diametrically opposed.	
To disparage the wind is disgusting.
A jewelry salesman was nicknamed The Ringleader	
What do you call the ticket inspector on a maglev train? A superconductor.
Did you hear about the crime that happened in a parking garage? It was wrong on so many levels.
A personal financial dilemma is known as a bill pickle.	
What do you call a dinosaur made of cheese? Gorgonzilla!
Helicopter rescue pilots have the most successful pick-up lines.
A carpenter must have been here. I saw dust.
When a fellow in Venice was planning a party, he asked his wife if they should invite Othello. She said, 'Sure, the Moor the merrier.'
I am always sad when I go to the dentist, so I put on music and listen through my blue tooth headphones.
An avionics warning is a flier alarm.
A countess started to think about her count-less opportunities.	
Even though Catholics in space are weightless, do they have mass?
I don't know how to put on a helmet - the whole idea goes right over my head.	
Those who like sugar in their tea are willing to take their lumps.	
My son's spelling test consisted of synonyms of the word incorrect. He was able to write every wrong.
An undertaker can be one of your best friends, he is always the last one to let you down.
When the golfer with a serious iron deficiency went back to the doctor for a check-up he was told that he was still not out of the woods.
For the orthodontist visit, the boy had to brace himself.	
I like vegetables, but my friend doesn't carrot call.
His wife asked him to remove a picture from over the fireplace. It was an off-the-wall remark.	
The winter drive-by shooting was a slay ride.
Big cities make haze while the sun shines.	
Submarine commanders like to submerge themselves in their work.	
When traveling between Russia and Alaska, you first must get your Bering Strait.
Some bankers are generous to a vault.	
Never argue with your doctor. He has inside information.	
Even the smallest egg farms are multi-layer organisations.
The rotting food in the garbage can behind the restaurant was covered with flies. To the vectors go the spoils.
When the sailor failed to report for duty, he really missed the boat.
A fired newspaper editor took an ex-press train out of town.	
Some people marry for love, others for wealth. That's why it is called match or money.
Being burned at the stake is a rare experience but is seldom well done.	
Cashiers really know how to take charge.	
Old genealogists never die, they just lose their census.	
People who listen to long political speeches are bulldozers.
What do you call it when a bad-tempered old baker goes bankrupt? A curmudgeonly crumble.
He couldn't decide whether to accept a job in mattress sales so he decided to sleep on it.	
If a Greek deity tried on your jacket it would be Titan uncomfortable.
The mathematician did not practice safe six and ended up with a binarial disease.
In the stock market mining hit rock bottom while cows steered into a bull market.	
When a guitarist messes up, he re-chords his mistake.	
The price of shingles is going through the roof.	
CPR is a near-breath experience.
Going to bed with music on gave him sound sleep.	
Is rheumatism something you only hear about?
A plastic surgeon who specializes in breast implants is a front end manager.
The surgeon really did not know how to perform quick surgeries on insects, but he did one on the fly.
Old programmers never die, they just can't C as well.	
A business man who wanted more ties bought some in Thailand where ties are very collar full.	
Whenever I go near my bank I get withdrawal symptoms.	
The mushroom farmer improved his morel, by pressing a button and going to portabella for harvest.	
Johnny got his leg cut off in an accident. He's walking it off now.	
Set your drink on a skateboard, they make good coasters.
He folded and straightened the money because he wanted a tidy sum.	
What do you call committed bachelors? Heartful Dodgers.
Corporal Morel, always the life of the party, was a fun GI.
The key to job searching is looking inside yourself. It's all about the inner view.
Kids who have one to one tuition are in a class of their own.
John Hancock didn't retire, he just resigned.
I heard about this new governing document that says people can only go to the bathroom one per day. It's called the Constipation.	
The drama instructor preferred to travel by stagecoach.
Before he was hired as a short order cook they grilled him.	
The seed company turfed out my idea for ready made lawn.
The only thing common between a stork and an obstetrician is the long bill.
When the government designs a new penny the number of government workers that have to approve the design is ten per cent.	
When the town removed billboards, they told people that's how it was designed.
Did you hear the one about the woman who threw her toaster away because it kept burning the bread? She was black toast intolerant.	
How do they figure out the price of hammers? Per pound.	
Short-order cooks in busy restaurants call themselves 'pressure cookers'.
The key to changing your performance ability is by tuning out criticism and staying musically octave.
Couch me if you can, but before that you need to chaise me.
Most airline food is pretty bad, but their haggis is just plane offal.
I dated a politician over the holidays but when I wrapped myself up as a present, he couldn't cut through the red tape.
My computer's mouse wouldn't work. Then it clicked.
Using fish for currency can achieve an economy of scale.
Eos is really sad. She is dawn in the dumps.
Contemplating my imminent root canal procedure was deeply unnerving.
The author in northwest Alaska used a pen name. It was a Nome de plume.
Bankers might have their own interest at heart when discussing alone with you.	
Those building railways have to do a lot of tracking or their project will de-rail.	
Two airline pilots in a stand-up comedy did a takeoff.	
She became a golf professional to earn her bread and putter.	
The sad dentist looked down in the mouth.
You should lock up your wine in a cabernet.	
I have a high fidelity phone - it can only call my wife's number.
I live in an airport but when the security guard comes at night Heathrows me out.	
After watching Casino Royale, girls flocked to a chemistry class because they heard there was a single bond there.
How did the Dermatologist and the Dentist afford their new mansion? By the skin of their teeth.	
With only one piece of wood, I tried to convince the fire to light by use of a monologue.
Parking - an average sovereign.
The chef said it would be rare moment if the waiter returned a steak with a burning issue after being so tender cooking it.
I try wearing tight jeans, but I can never pull it off.
What did one plant say to another? What's stomata?	
I simply must find a new podiatrist. My podiatrist has developed such a callus attitude.
The Naked Wood Company gets a lot of unfinished business.	
A scientist doing a large experiment with liquid chemicals was trying to solve a problem when he fell in and became part of the solution.	
'Volts' - the dance you perform after an electric shock.
When a neurologist relocates, does he change his mind?
If you have too many scientists together how do you get iridium?	
As a golfer you have to have good fore-sight.	
I tried to look up impotence on the Internet but nothing came up.
To curb wastage of water during showers everyone at the hostel was given a shower cap!
She stole the policeman's heart, but he made a cardiac arrest.	
The weather bureau is an umbrella organization.	
They just found a sword swallower dead. The police suspect it's an inside job.
In equations with square numbers I can never find the root of the problem.
Doctors take pains to prescribe relief.	
He wanted to become a pilot but decided that it was over his head.	
When the Nomadic tree senses danger it packs up its trunk and leaves.	
My dog swallowed my engagement ring. I ended up with a diamond in the ruff.
You feel stuck with your debt if you can't budge it.	
Way back when, I used to remember things by tying a string around my finger. Even then I had digital memory.
The inept telegrapher was a weapon of Morse destruction.
'Did you remember to buy me the coffee with ice cream inside it?'. 'Oh I'm sorry, affogato!'.
Some people don't like food going to waist.	
Where do witches bake their cookies? In a coven.
The baseball pitcher's personality needed some polish. He was a diamond in the rough.
Have you heard the joke about the bomb? It had no impact.
The garden club visited the nursery and found themselves in a hosta environment.
Scarecrows are always garden their patch.	
A rock band set up on the exchange floor. They wanted to play the stock market.	
Meet me at the clothes line. That's where I hang out!	
The Mafia decided to include beauty salons in their business and started a campaign of blacknailing.
An ex-sailor prefers to forget the days he spent playing cards in submarines, dismissing them as 'so much bridge under the water'.
When the church bought gas for their annual barbecue, proceeds went from the sacred to the propane.
My dentist would simply not stop working on my teeth. He was abscessive compulsive.
The king and queen played chess in their castle at knight.	
Those who sell topsoil have definitely hit pay dirt.	
Tautology causes me to worry, stress out and tense up.
Capon is the main ingredient of chicken castratori.
The philanthropist built a town and named it 'Generocity'.
The one who invented the door knocker got a No-bell prize.	
Do beginner vampires go to batting practice?
Some diets cause a gut reaction.	
When he forgot to itemize what he wanted at the grocery store he felt quite listless.	
The doctor couldn't transfer the organs because he didn't have the guts to do it.
Pre-arranged marriages pre-pair people for the future.	
The doorway was crushed when the transom was taken for ransom.
The two congressmen disagreed about what sort of pan should be used to cook pancakes. Another example of griddlelock.
A man at the watchmakers convention made a motion, but it died for lack of a second.
He recommended the restaurant to me, and said he had no reservations.	
The landscaper thought gardening magazines were fun to leaf through.
It was an emotional wedding. Even the cake was in tiers.	
A gardener's work is a bed of roses.	
If a Monk throws a hissy fit, is it a temple tantrum?
If you play around with a guillotine, you'll beheaded for an accident.	
The patron saint of poverty is St. Nickeless.
My grade in Marine Biology is below sea-level.
He marketed his hula-hoop internationally because it was whirled wide.
She was the apple of his eye and he liked to sit down be cider.	
You feel stuck with your debt if you can't budge it.	
So, how's the flower business going? Oh, it's blossoming quite nicely.
The railway constructions are on track.	
A small boy swallowed some coins and was taken to a hospital. When his grandmother telephoned to ask how he was a nurse said 'No change yet'.	
The third degree is a diploma for successful criminals.
Ever since Molly moved to Montana she wanted a shiny new kitchen with chrome on the range.
Did you hear about the tire dealer that had a blowout sale?	
The plastic surgeon put his patient's nose to the grindstone.	
If you crash into a Volkswagen Golf, does that make a hole in one?
The diners were fully sated, unaware that the wurst was yet to come.
What is a doctor's favorite type of weapon? A shotgun!	
Caribbean barbers know how to calypso well.	
It was a sad day for the rattlesnake family, the time had come for the children to strike out on their own.
When making butter there is little margarine for error.
When he was sentenced to the guillotine he lost his head.	
I tried to record an album in a reptile shop, but there was a terrible gecko.
Safety goggles were invented by a peripheral visionary.	
The lumber company downsized. They got rid of the deadwood.
It's amazing what two or more sinners can achieve together with synergy.
Juneau Alaska? It's up there next to Canada, Yukon see it on a map, so it's not just an Aleutian.
What is the most non-confrontational age of kids? When they benign.
I recycle. I just bought a used Harley.
The frog went unnoticed in the milkshake because it blended so well.	
When kissing flowers, tulips are better than one.	
I can Harley wait to get my motorbike license.
The angry ice cube boiled with anger, then let off some steam.
The plastic surgeon put his patient's nose to the grindstone.	
The streets in the capital of Afghanistan are paved with Kabulstones.
When the first telephone rang it was Alexander Graham's bell.
A lot of money is tainted. It taint yours and it taint mine.	
When the detectives on the police force observed suspects dining in the city's best restaurant, it was their favorite steak out.
The cowboy that got fired from his ranch job wasn't crazy, he was just deranged.
Philosophers are very Hume-orous people.
There's a Sin dividing line between heaven and hell.
I wonder how much an anagram weighs?
With the apocalypse approaching, armageddon out of here!
Computer programs for gambling need beta testing.	
My dentist would simply not stop working on my teeth. He was abscessive compulsive.
The psychiatrist told the genie his emotions were all bottled up.	
I knew my wife was pregnant when she looked at me with fertilize.
A young sailor thought all of the waves were just swell.	
An Arabian hostel offers Bedouin breakfast.
How did Mister Nucleus escape from prison? Through the cell wall.
The political analysts I hear the most from are Don Key and Ella Funt.
What's the tallest building in the city? The library because it's so many stories high!
I just had some coffee that was good only for its sedimental value.	
Although I did not know the name of the boy who bumped his chin while playing a song in the children's handbell choir, his face rang a bell.
What kind of tree grows on your hand? A palm tree.	
Crane drivers have uplifting pick-up lines.
Old pianists never die, they just adagio away.
Communism is a complicated thing. You must think about from all sorts of Engels.
Whoever had the bright idea to invent the flashlight?
If you buy the same sound system as everyone else you are a stereo-type.	
The high school music teacher was quite controversial. He told his students to read band books.
I plug my guitar into all kinds of amplifiers. It's an eclectic guitar.
I know an eager-beaver District Attorney who ferreted out how someone badgered a politician into weaseling out of a contract on a rabbit farm.
Always trust a glue salesman. They tend to stick to their word.	
The inventor of the incubator was the first hatch-it man.
Why do people study gravity? It's a pretty attractive field.	
The inept nerd married a nuclear software engineer who made great fission chips, she was his bride and booter.
An artist calls his sketch pad a home.
Classical music is better than Mozart forms.
He drank so much at 16 years old that they called him a juvenile deliquid.	
When you're wearing a watch on an airplane, time flies.	
I refuse to work with compost, it's degrading.
Just after thimbles were invented there was a shortage, so many people got stuck without one.
Old politicians never die, they just get devoted.	
I took up teaching fencing as I wanted my students to get the point.
The orange squeezer was invented with some juicy information.	
When two bakers traded buns they had a roll reversal.	
The boxer wasn't a good comedian. He can't find the right hook.	
Greeks can't stay out late because they have a Corfu.
Valentine's Day is pure cupidity.
A homeless person joining in a riot can basically be heard as a vague rant.
There was an archeologist who made no bones about digging dirt up on people.
Hawaii vacationers are here today, gone to Maui.	
Steve was such a great con man that he made millions by selling his book 'The Path to Logical Lying'.
If you want to live in a small apartment, you should look for a condominimum.
Old bankers never die, they just pass the buck.	
What is the favorite game on Navy ships? Seaman Says.
I made a batch of fish eye soup, it should see me through the week.
Arranging Goliath's funeral was a giant undertaking.
My computer is so slow it hertz.
When traveling between Russia and Alaska, you first must get your Bering Strait.
The only thing common between a stork and an obstetrician is the long bill.
Jenny was sure she was going to Heaven but she wouldn't harp on it.
This year's flu is going viral.
Plane crashes into lumber yard, end result remarkably smooth.
In Ireland you're more likely to get a Pat answer.	
During the trial, a lawyer objected to the audiologist's testimony, calling it hearsay.
Murder with knives is very messy, and I suggest not taking a stab at it.
I started dating the girl across the street. I know what people say, but honestly, lawn distance relationships aren't that hard.
You should never drink beyond the pint of no return.	
I tried asking my dentist out but she brushed me off. Don't worry it was her floss.	
Can a physicist read the periodic table? Isotope so.
Where do fish buy cool clothes? At Albacore and Fish.
The valuable dog was still missing, believed stolen, however the police announced they have a lead.	
Now that they allow us to wear jeans at the office everyday, I am no longer a slacker.
A used car salesman started a chain and thus founded the Auto-man Empire.
Spray paint sells for a good mark up.	
I asked the bartender for a small sample and he gave me this micro brew.
The owner of the hair salon had to make cuts on his staff.
The inept telegrapher was a weapon of Morse destruction.
Buying a cheap mouse could leave you with a squeak and a sad tale.	
The junior librarian was reincarnated as a bookmark because he always knew his place.
A racer who was also a golfer really knew how to drive.	
I got my job at the dentist's office by word of mouth.
A fish became a waiter, and he liked people to tip the scales.	
The geneticist taught his students how to mendel defective genes.
I had tried passing myself off as my twin but I couldn't live with myself.
Jenny was sure she was going to Heaven but she wouldn't harp on it.
After punching his computer and breaking his hand, the guy required tech knuckle support.
Why did the proton blush? It was positively attracted to the electron.
After periodic doubts about his vocational calling, the young chemistry teacher concluded he was out of his element.	
I was caught studying the periodic table in English class. It was an elementary mistake.
My fear of roses is a thorny issue. I'm not sure what it stems from, but it seems likely I'll be stuck with it.
The electrician and the air hostess got on really well together. Sparks flew!
An optometrist told his patient: 'It appears your vision is improving!' 'Really?' replied the patient. 'Must be the luck of the iris.'	
There was a shootout in The Gap. There were many casual-tees.	
A matchmaker makes matches in order to find you the light of your life.
In tensed tennis duels where temper teeters, some losers fly off the handle!
The washrooms in a seafood restaurant were labelled Buoys and Gulls.	
The coin artist promised he'll change his profession to something noteworthy.
After eating the ship, the sea monster needed an Alka-Seltzer. He said, 'I can't believe I ate the hull thing.'
I was about to have an affair with Amanda Lynn but there were strings attached.	
Get him on a diet? Fat chance!	
There's a difference between good sound reasons and reasons that sound good.	
He was the most dishonest and cleverest card shark in the city, the police said he will be dealt with.
After Thanksgiving dinner, I was as stuffed as a turkey!	
The magazine's rationale for running the story was paper thin.
I felt super exhausted after giving blood. It's such a draining procedure.
I like my statistical data median rare.
What do you call a podium that eats people? Hannibal Lectern.
In political landscapes the mudslinging precedes the landslides!
Those who study tornadoes have twistered minds.	
Those who choose not to eat, slowly get hungry -- and Fast.	
Dental care in Panama is called a route canal.
Would a Mormon working for the Postal Service be a Letter Day Saint?
Have you ever been to Engagement, Ohio? It's between Dayton and Marysville.	
A new computer shop has just opened up. It is located on Boot Drive.
It has been discovered that sales of irons are decreasing.
Nurses often have to check their patient's impulse without missing a beat.	
What do you put in an urban garden to watch over your beets? A metrognome.
The marine glue manufacturer's plans came unstuck and ended in insolvency.
The best place for a mathematician is behind a counter.
A ship's captain is a sails manager.
When the plane hit turbulence, the passengers went flying.	
Romance isn't a science - it's a heart.
I tried talking to my dentist during a cleaning, but my words got flossed in translation.
The Biomedical Engineer didn't have the heart to check the EKG machine.
I knew a guy who collected candy canes, they were all in mint condition.
I put my phone on vibrate. An hour later I finally got a text massage.
Overworked physicists put too many ions in the fire.
I was late starting to put the insulation at the front and now I'm lagging behind.
The Vikings landed during thunder and lightning and took the city by storm.	
I keep walking methodically back and forth. I have to learn to pace myself.
Never invest in funerals, it's a dying industry.
It's tough to know exactly what some philosophers looked like. Sometimes the only way might be to ex-Hume them.	
I once thought about cloning a new, more efficient brain, but then I realized that I was getting a head of myself.
The snowstorm arrived at a fortuitous moment. It was white on time.	
Those who jump off a Paris bridge are in Seine.	
I've just started dating a ring. She's a keeper.
Due to Earth's strong gravitational field, the cost of attaining escape velocity is exorbitant.
Slimmers are all losers.
I strongly dislike the subject of math, however I am partial to fractions.
Politics only serve to make the future moron-certain.	
Qwertyus, god of keyboards, is a character from geek mythology.
A new type of broom came out, it is sweeping the nation.	
The weather man said there won't be any rain for 6 months, but I drought it.
Those who study the moon are optimists. They look at the bright side.	
The doors just broke, I could fix it, but it hinges on other things.	
He stole an invention and then told patent lies.	
A friend of mine tried to annoy me with bird puns, but I soon realized that toucan play at that game.
When the church relocated it had an organ transplant.
Does a coffee shop have the grounds to operate in the black?	
Psychiatrists like Kentucky Freud Chicken.	
The new weed whacker is cutting-hedge technology.
I used to work at a knife factory, but then it got dull.	
My small friend always argues that vanilla, chocolate and strawberry are the three best ice cream flavors, I think he has a Neapolitan complex.
The store clerk lost his job, so he set up a kiosk in the mall to vend for himself.
Erasable pens were a good idea on paper.
Overworked physicists put too many ions in the fire.
Some planes are so cramped that passengers suffer jet leg.	
Politics only serve to make the future moron-certain.	
The riot at Macy's was called a shopping maul.	
After periodic doubts about his vocational calling, the young chemistry teacher concluded he was out of his element.	
When the King asked the fool for a joke the fool just shrugged. He was the court gesture.
Luggage made of snakeskin is ex-hiss baggage.	
The royal pharmacist wore a tuxedo and dispensed with formalities.
When the tornado went through town it was quite a blow.	
The girls swim team has a new coach who acts like she knows everything. Her name is Claire Buoyant.
Did you hear about the man who was jabbed in the back with a set of keys? His back locked up.
I don't get people who stumble into mirrors. They need to watch themselves.
I've just started dating a ring. She's a keeper.
As to alcohol, sea captains harbor a love of port.	
Do podiatrists ever use toe trucks? I know one that charges by the foot.	
Two tropical fruits fought in a cage match - it was mango a mango.
Aliens are lovable because they're so spatial.	
The mathematician worked at home because he only functioned in his domain.
The reason for the mysterious fog near Cape Cod is hazy but when it disappears it won't be mist.
A Valentine's Day card is a hearty note.
Talking to her about computer hardware I make my mother board.	
I've been called a rare commodity. I wonder if that makes me silver or gold? I guess I could be either ore.	
I really would put my wife on a pedestal if she wasn't so afraid of heights.
As long as the imperial system is in place a ruler will be afoot.
If you need something done, call an electrician - they conduit.
If you killed dubstep would that make it a deadbeat.	
The key to job searching is looking inside yourself. It's all about the inner view.
The priest was very stern during the service last Sunday. After church I was distressed. I then realized that we had experienced critical mass.
The knights facing each other at King Arthur's table disagreed a lot, because they were diametrically opposed.	
In a Scandinavian race the last Lapp crossed the Finnish line.	
Atom bombs dropped on coral islands took atoll on them.	
Burning too much incense in a rented room could make the owner incensed.	
To the flat dwellers finding a level playing field was a complex issue!
The fisherman kept bragging about the big fish he caught, but he would not be very pacific about where he caught it.
Fashionable women in Indiana all wear designer Hoosiery.
Two loaves of bread wanted to get married, so they eloafed.	
All births are an Emergency.
What do you call the garden police? Lawn and Order.	
A second chimney is superfluous.
If you said you were from South America, I would not Bolivia.	
A scientist who wanted a tattoo got a skin graph.	
When the spammer's computer exploded, it blew him to kingdom.com.
How do construction workers party? They raise the roof.
The Irish lass was disappointed with the engagement ring from her fiance because it was a sham rock.
Long lines at fast food cause wait gain.
An old Indian man was fishing online for puns, with baited breath he waded, until he gave up and decided take a poll and caste from his own line, when he caught a triple entendre.
You can raze a tree with a lumber jack.
What do you get if Basil Brush is eating a four cheese pizza and he catches fire? Mozzarella FireFox.
What do you call keys born on the same day? Twinkies!
Psychiatrists and rectal doctors deal with odds and ends.	
I asked the bartender for a small sample and he gave me this micro brew.
Though humble in secular matters, the minister had an altar ego.
I thought dating a tennis player would be a ball, but it was just a racquet!	
His job in the city sewers ended when he got smell shock and succumbed in the stenches.
The phone call interrupted my nap, and I never did get the rest.
I was going to have my hernia operation last June, but the surgeon was on summer hiatus.
Funniness and cleverness have always been two notable factors for rating puns, but the third has groan in significance.
Are you wearing your golfer's socks? The pair with a hole in one.	
The musician in jail was anxiously awaiting his next release.	
My friend quit working at the pin factory. He felt there was no point to the job.	
An arctic survey was called the north poll.	
It's hard for politicians treason with terrorists.	
The orthopedist said that working with fractures isn't all that it's cracked up to be.
I tried to update my computer this morning but it wouldn't work. After several attempts, I had that syncing feeling.
What do you call a royal printmaker? A screen prince.	
This year I made my Christmas wreath out of Franklin Fir branches. I really like a wreath of Franklin.
A river dredging project was to undergo an in depth audit.	
At first the paratroops didn't obey orders, but finally they fell in line.	
The two geologists lived only a stone's throw apart.
Last night, I kept dreaming that I had written Lord of the Rings. The wife said I'd been tolkien in my sleep.
My friend lives by a cliff he's always telling me to drop over.	
What is my favorite kind of pie on Thanksgiving? Pun kin, of course!
Telling a demolitionist how to do his job is destructive criticism.
After a cold winter, will deciduous trees be releaved?
Some Missouri home designers are Ozark-itects.
If you think you are a set of curtains, either see a psychiatrist or pull yourself together.	
My father's father wanted to know if he could stay with the company in spite of the many changes. They ended up grandfathering him in.
To write with a broken pencil is pointless.	
You heard about drug dealers being interrogated by the police? They do crack.	
I tried to play the bagpipes, but the sound coming out was off kilter.
The winter was difficult on the trees, but in the spring they were re-leafed.
The doctor said it was an infected organ that was causing my bach-ache.
My fear of roses is a thorny issue. I'm not sure what it stems from, but it seems likely I'll be stuck with it.
He was the most dishonest and cleverest card shark in the city, the police said he will be dealt with.
A railroad engineer must be sure not to lose his train of thought or he might go down the wrong track.	
The Environmental Committee held a meeting on Saturday. They decided that we need to cut down on deforestation.
The telemarketer asked me if I read magazines at all and I replied that I did, periodically.	
Two surgeons were joking about sutures and had each other in stitches.	
Rental agents offer quarters for dollars.
Sign on a broken perfume bottle, "Out of odor".
I tinted my hair today. It was the highlight of my day.	
CPR is a near-breath experience.
When the plums dry on your tree, it's time to prune.	
He tried to convert the solid to visible radiation, because he wanted to make light of the matter.
There was a sign on the lawn at a drug re-hab center that said 'Keep off the Grass'.
Could modern submarines be the wave of the future?	
My wife wanted me to take her to visit Northern Canada but I was having Nunavut!
Some people's noses and feet are built backwards: their feet smell and their noses run.	
Bill Gates took advantage of his Windows of opportunity	
The junior librarian was reincarnated as a bookmark because he always knew his place.
The ultimate liquid measure is the supreme quart.	
I had a tough time working as a garbage collector because of miasma.
If money talks, why do we need bank tellers?	
Johnny got his leg cut off in an accident. He's walking it off now.	
I think my dad was frightened when he started using Rogaine. He said it was a hair-raising experience.
Eve showed up one morning wearing flowers instead of a fig leaf. She was the first woman to wear bloomers.
The men who make draperies might be named curt and rod.
I had trouble getting to the University in New Orleans. I had to drive down a two lane road.
Drinking too much of a certain potent potable may require a leave of absinthe.
Textile workers who lived at the manufacturing site in fabricated dwellings were closely knitted.
When asked whether or not I was bilingual, I was about to say I knew sign language, but I figured it was sort of a mute point.	
The admiral's motto was, 'Do it schooner, not later!'
A hungry traveller stops at a monastery and is taken to the kitchens. A brother is frying chips. 'Are you the friar?' he asks. 'No. I'm the chip monk,' he replies.
My coach got stung by a bee. The next day he had hives.
After the test drive, the car salesman drove home his point.	
Getting this job managing a country estate has put me off fried eggs. I'm a gamekeeper turned poacher.
I walked into this posh restaurant, the prices were extortionate, it was daylight snobbery.
The professor's explanation of centripetal force was pretty down-to-earth but her explanation of centrifugal force just blew me away.
The water department staff said they would be fluid in answering all mystifying questions asked at a recent meeting.
Ambidextrose: An IV in both arms.
The experienced carpenter really nailed it, but the new guy screwed everything up.
Cottage cheese diet: eating your curds and weigh.	
I chose my gastroenterologist based on gut feeling.	
The nudist was acquitted of indecent exposure because nobody could pin the wrap on her.
Sign on a broken perfume bottle, "Out of odor".
A surgeon's comments are incisive remarks.
The surgeon failed to repair his own ruptured pericardium because his heart just wasn't in it.
When the swimmer recovered from her stroke she decided to dive right into kicking her bad habits.
Why would an hour glass only take half an hour to finish? It was filled with quick sand.
The new smoking cessation drug is expensive, and it's shrinking city coffers.
Crucifixion is done after cross examination!
A relief map shows where the restrooms are.
I knew the little guy was going to play a prank on me, because of my sense of imp portents.
When Socrates needed to buy food he went to the grocery stoa.
Home page: when your family makes your beeper go off.	
An auctioneer often looks forbidding.	
Bring about is what a boxing promoter does.
The sergeant drank whiskey in order to be fortified in his position.	
The price of the big fan blew me away.
Two hats were hanging on a hat rack in the hallway. One hat says to the other, 'You stay here, I'll go on a head.'.	
How do you catch a skeleton? With a rib-cage.	
Is the water on your farm healthy? Yes, we only have well water.
When he was sentenced to the guillotine he lost his head.	
The lumber company downsized. They got rid of the deadwood.
Dermatologists are very competitive. They all have skin in the game.
When he forgot to itemize what he wanted at the grocery store he felt quite listless.	
Those who study the moon are optimists. They look at the bright side.	
A man was found dead in a vat of falafel condiment. Police are treating it as a hummuscide.
Shakespeare had to get his act together to finish his play.
A photographer was great at botany because he knew photo synthesis.	
New lightbulb invented? Enlighten me.
The weatherman who forecasted snow in July was a bit of a flake.
A swan's favorite salad is Cobb salad.
Always trust a glue salesman. They tend to stick to their word.	
An instructor at an ice cream parlor is a sundae school teacher.
They met in cooking class. It was boil meets grill.	
Does working for UPS make you a professional boxer?
Expensive golf clubs are par for the course.	
Contemplating my imminent root canal procedure was deeply unnerving.
A friend of mine found out he has the bird flu. He thinks he was a victim of fowl plague.
At a furniture makers convention there's a lot of round-table and table-top discussions.
Deaf mathematicians communicate through sin language.
In a family 'Coffee Business' intake of outsiders is a filtered process to prevent spilling the beans!
He was hit on the head during a hail storm and was knocked out cold.	
A pediatrician is a doctor of little patients.	
The rise of the orthopedic doctor depends on the fall of the patients!
When the elevator was invented, it was a step in the right direction.	
The royal family moved into my neighborhood. They live Tudors down.
If you see an improperly lowercased letter, you must capitalize on it.
At all stages Shakespeare was a playful character!
The inventor of the balloon was full of hot air.	
The cost of the space program is astronomical.	
The anesthesiologist's computer has an ethernet connection.
The violinist spent the night in a vile inn.
My clock radio goes off with alarming frequency.	
Why is a tower in Paris called the Eiffel Tower? At the top you certainly get an Eye Full.	
A taxidermist specializes in skin for cabs.
First time hunters were arguing over which kind of animal tracks they had found when they were hit by a train.	
Two college students die in head on collision, police say they were on a crash course.	
The cheap eye surgeon was always cutting corneas.	
A dentist with a toothache could have a bad impact on his patients.	
I got angry when my cell phone battery died. My counselor suggested I find an outlet.
A summer is a mathematician.
Spoilsport is the harbor where booty is shipped in.
What sounds last call? A barbell.
Bridge tolls have increased significantly over a 5 year span.
After carelessly plucking her eyelashes while shopping for a corsage, Rose couldn't see the florist because of the tweeze.
Officer Jones takes his yearly bath every June. He is a characteristic example of a dirty cop.
Semaphore was flagged away as a form of communication decades ago.
What do you call a tissue that is sleeping? A napkin.	
I heard the AAA meetings are pretty charged up!
Can a Free-Range chicken be cooked on a stove you bought?
A countess started to think about her count-less opportunities.	
I wrote a book about birds. It flew off the shelf.	
They served lunch at the auto repair shop, but I didn't eat it. It was full of carbs.
The golfer guessed that his ball landed 20 feet off the fairway. Of course, that was just a rough estimate.
It's evergreen and related to the pine but has no cones - perhaps yew can tell me what conifer tree it is.
Those who sell topsoil have definitely hit pay dirt.	
A hole has been found in the nudist camp wall. The police are looking into it.	
He became an astronaut and had a blast.	
Spoilsport is the harbor where booty is shipped in.
When some coins fell into the batter it turned out to be a rich cake.	
Why did the sleuth always carry an umbrella with him? He had been told that it was mist defying.
People say that as a child, William Shakespeare was very playful.
My fear of planes has taken off.	
You can't sing with a mouthful of garbanzo beans, so hummus a tune.
My friend said that if Watergate had happened in Scotland they would've had Scotch tape.
You want to clone yourself? Now wouldn't that be just like you!
A group of physicists is called a nucleus.	
I've been trying to come up with a joke about a Mobius strip but I don't know where to begin.	
The fraudulent caged chicken farmer gave himself free range with his egg labeling.
If Hawaii was criss-crossed with many highways, some people might think of it as a road island.
When you purchase stuff south of the border, you don't Peso much.
I tripped and cut my leg at a diner, people laughed at me but then the waitress fell on me adding in salt to injury.
I just finished reading Newton's Principia Mathematica, and found much of it to be rather derivative.
My daughter asked me if I was having fun doing the laundry. I replied, 'Loads.'
You know what happens after you miss math class? It starts adding up.	
Two banks with different rates have a conflict of interest.	
People who cry a lot have a wail of a time.
I did a theatrical performance about puns. Really it was just a play on words.	
Vertical living is flat dwelling.
Chinese sailors eat junk food.	
My neighbor's sprinkler is a constant irrigation to me.
The conversation between the brain surgeon and the anaesthesiologist was mind numbing.
The dance club opened to rave reviews.
I can't drink milk. I lactose genes required to digest it.
The spear-fisherman can be a real pain in the wrasse.	
The forecast for the weather in the kitchen is chili today and hot tamale.	
Pennies from heaven are a blessing in de skies.	
Nurses often have to check their patient's impulse without missing a beat.	
You pay your psychiatrist with a sanity check.	
The Vatican's supplier of duck eggs is elected by sacred balut.
I was going to buy some loose tea, but the price was too steep.
The gravity was so powerful, I couldn't stand it.	
How did I meet Eve you ask? I rescued her from a gutter.
A restaurant had its two dishwashers sinkopated.	
If we canteloup lettuce marry!	
I know an eager-beaver District Attorney who ferreted out how someone badgered a politician into weaseling out of a contract on a rabbit farm.
I'm struggling to catch my breath while I'm struggling to lose my breadth.
Mooning is lunacy.
Is an uninfected tooth in a pre-carious state?
Never make fun of a Scotsman's traditional garb. You could get kilt that way.
What part of the United States produces the largest number of cardiologists? The heartland.
Economists report that garden centers are attempting to stem a fall in the sales of fresh flowers.
Attila was coaching a soccer team. He wanted them to win, but his Huns were tied.
I knew a guy who collected candy canes, they were all in mint condition.	
That cattle farmer is upset. He is raising kine.
The new drive-thru restaurant for golfers insisted on putting greens in all their courses.
You know what happens after you miss math class? It starts adding up.	
A stewed chef sat pie-eyed as the crusty judge took his caraway, a punnish mint a long thyme cumin.
I would tell you a leech joke, but it would suck anyway.	
When I had my PlayStation stolen, my family were there to console me.	
The fisher said he liked the sea. On the surface of it.	
Did you hear about the computer technician who received third degree burns? He touched the firewall.
In high school I recall having a beautiful but difficult math teacher. She was easy on the eyes and hard on the pupils!
The cheap hotel was really a violin.
An Electrician's work is well grounded.	
A plumber's pipe dream was to tap all his resources to become multifauceted.
My neurologist is testing my last nerve.
A lettuce will Romaine a lettuce Cos it is.
Gunpowder was invented in a flash.	
Reading music makes me crotchety.	
How does a card player party? They shuffle.
When I went to the International Club, I accidentally spilled coffee on a Hindu lady's dress. I told her I was very sari.
The landscaper thought gardening magazines were fun to leaf through.
Einstein developed a theory about space, and it was about time too.
An English teacher, who was dreadfully afraid of insects, while on a picnic screamed like a little girl when he saw there was an antonym.
I was saddened to learn that my neighbor, who is a respiratory therapist, expired last week.
Teaching history is old news.
John Deere's manure spreader is the only equipment the company won't stand behind.
Learning to walk in high heels will keep you on your toes.
She's happy to make a pair of pants for you, or at least sew its seams.
Going to the dentist can be very full filling.	
Buzz Lightyear was following a Japanese luxury car on the highway. When he pulled around to pass, he shouted, "To Infiniti and beyond."
I tried to get friendly with the archer's daughter, butt after he threatened to clout and nock me about, I decided to bow out.
I asked a librarian if she was free this afternoon, she said she was all booked up.	
I've been eating a lot of pasta lately I think it's becoming a part of my daily rotini!	
I was only on the military base from dusk to dawn, but it seemed like a fort night.
The young man quit dating the telephone operator because he felt disconnected. Besides, she had too many hangups.
I just looked up the word 'apocalypse' in the dictionary. It was quite a revelation.
The elderly chef retired because his sage was showing.
The computer bug got caught in a spider website.	
When the equation didn't balance out, it messed with the student's equilibrium.
I applied for a position at the hair-replacement company because I heard there was growth potential.
In order to have a successful luau, you have to go whole hog!
The eye doctor claimed he was framed by an optical illusion when his patient wore contact lenses during recent exam.
I tried asking my dentist out but she brushed me off. Don't worry it was her floss.	
Lacking proper instruments, the surgeon had to resect a bowel using plumber's tools - it was a gut-wrenching experience.
When baking dog biscuits, be sure to use collie flour.
Psychiatrists like Kentucky Freud Chicken.	
I've been called a rare commodity. I wonder if that makes me silver or gold? I guess I could be either ore.	
An artist calls his sketch pad a home.
My computer's mouse wouldn't work. Then it clicked.
If you get too thin you just might be a human bean.	
A waist is a terrible thing to mind.	
When I bought some fruit trees the nursery owner gave me some insects to help with pollination. They were free bees.
What is my favorite kind of pie on Thanksgiving? Pun kin, of course!
Used shoes can be re-soled.	
Astral projection to church is mass tranceportation.
Expensive golf clubs are par for the course.	
You should never take rocks for granite.	
A few boxers were standing in a line. That's the punch line!	
The stock market crashes, but Viagra beats the flop.
When my husband asked me if I wanted a new alarm clock I said I was set.
The general started bowling before his aide had entered his name on the score sheet. He had launched a pre-emptive strike.
Some clockmakers are normal, but others are a little cuckoo.
Pocket tape recorders were invented for those who like small talk.	
Reassembling the skeletons of prehistoric mammals can be a mammoth undertaking.
The railway had a safety problem, but tried to cover its tracks.	
What's the deal with negotiations?
To me the end result of a can-do attitude is positively candid.
I just bought a pair of bad frequency shoes. I keep doppling over and my foot hertz.
The study of genealogy is a basic requirement for a descent education.
Packing up and relocating to a new home can be a moving experience.	
I got a great bargain the other day when I bought a forklift for half-price. It's amazing what you can pick up these days.
Over the years elevators have had their fair share of ups and downs in terms of popularity, but thankfully the idea has not been shafted.
Contrary to singers and guitarists, bass players are very low-key.
Technically speaking a programmer's favorite subject with his boss is usually arrays.	
During my trip to Italy, I didn't do much. I just vegged out. When in Rome, do as the Romaines.
I yam always very happy to eat sweet potatoes.	
The inventor of pantyhose really left us quite a legacy.
Some doting parents are son worshipers.
Shine your shoes when they're new to keep them squeaky clean.	
A curling iron is a permanent solution to a hairy problem.
Our Lady of Perpetual Motion Convent received a government subsidy for their fleet of minivans because they qualified as a mass transit system.
After he bought a mirror he became very reflective.	
The dentist's alibi was full of holes, so the police performed a cavity search.
When Irish boys carry their little brothers, they get a Pat on the back.	
An orthodontist was found dead, killed with a hatchet. However, no one was arrested as the death was declared axe-idental.
Southerners are quick on the drawl.	
I was saddened to learn that my neighbor, who is a respiratory therapist, expired last week.
I had a novel idea for a new book but got in a bind so I shelved it. It's time to start a new chapter now.
A dentist gets on everybody's nerves.	
When our fraternity voted whether or not to permit alcohol, there was not a dry aye in the house.
A man walked into a bar with a lump of asphalt under one arm and said to the bartender - A whisky please, and one for the road.	
He tried to convert the solid to visible radiation, because he wanted to make light of the matter.
What is the name of the immortal adolescent? Constantine!
This year's flu is going viral.
He sold large bullets and acted like a real big shot.	
The fruit farmer was plum happy he pruned his orchard last fall.
My mate swallowed a cordless vacuum cleaner, they took him to hospital and he is picking up nicely.	
I usually take steps to avoid elevators.
He was a restaurant critic but had no taste.	
When the bottom of a cargo ship got a hole, it had one hull of a problem.
I once read a book about singularity. It really sucked me in.	
The Junior NCO had sore wrists. The doctor said it was corporal tunnel syndrome.
I tried talking to my dentist during a cleaning, but my words got flossed in translation.
The magazine about ceiling fans went out of business due to low circulation.
The most popular operation for orthopaedic surgeons is upper-leg surgery: very hip.
The admiral's motto was, 'Do it schooner, not later!'
The cowboy dismounted on the spur of the moment to stirrup some trouble, bridled at being arrested and saddled the sheriff with a bit of a problem.
Sawyer was a carpenter and often counter productive.
He became a sky diver out of the blue.	
I didn't really like the movie about construction. Too many potholes.
The railway had a safety problem, but tried to cover its tracks.	
When I asked if I could get insurance if the nearby volcano erupted they assured me I would be covered.
The cardiovascular system is a work of artery, but is also really vein.	
I planned to find my watch today, but I didn't have the time.
Why don't some couples go to the gym? Because some relationships don't work out.	
When bottled water is cheap it's called a liquidation sale.	
I heard Einstein got along well with his parents ... relatively speaking.
The terrorist's oven was a weapon of mass convection.
Outdoor lights were put up at a golf course - for people who liked swinging nightclubs.	
Those selling mattresses have a soft sell in the spring.	
Bring about is what a boxing promoter does.
Where do witches bake their cookies? In a coven.
Walter struggled with stopping his car in driving school. You might say he was breaking bad.
His model airplane hobby really took off.	
A new computer shop has just opened up. It is located on Boot Drive.
Forklift operators do not care for puns - they find them unpalletable.
When the diva's vacuum cleaner broke, she refused to use a broom because it just wouldn't be Hoover.
Why do trees have so many friends? They branch out.
I met two policemen in a lift, I realized then I was going down.
The pirate captain's list was to starboard when he failed to ketch his bottle of port which fell onto the poop deck after he nearly keeled over.
One of these new shoes isn't right.
Does my great new smile denture ego?
The predatory prawn shop skinned many an octopus alive and put a lot of suckers on squid roe.
What's the best way to serve a stack of puncakes? Syruptitiously.
The waiter was shocked when I asked for my salad to be served naked. I explained, no dressing please.
During the Christmas shopping season the department store staff became bow legged after wrapping hundreds of gifts.
Why did the pig stop sunbathing? He was bacon in the heat.
Smaller babies may be delivered by stork but the heavier ones need a crane.
What do cupcakes use in the summer time? A sprinkler.
The Hobbit was found at short notice.	
I've heard that the airplane industry is really taking off and reaching new heights.
There's a new magnetic steam iron that makes your clothes attractive.	
Tire stores are highway rubbery.
I just got back from a statistical probability conference. It was average.
My friend went on a date with a girl called 'Simile'. I asked him how it went. He said it wasn't serious, he just metaphor a coffee.
I almost got my haircut then I thought I'd mullet over first.
Advertisement: 'New study on obesity looks for larger test group.'	
The Spaniard's wife was always up before the Don.	
I was going to buy a book on phobias, but I was afraid it wouldn't help me.
They say it's easy to get your mind around introspection.
Dentists on death fill their last cavity.
What was the leader of Russia's favourite food? Czardines!
Every November, Mark, a member of MENSA, wishes his peers 'Happy Thinksgiving!'
Old sailors never die, they just get a little dinghy.	
I'm friends with my fist, although he can be quite a knuckle head.	
The woodcutter stretched every morning before starting work. He was a limberjack.
When they used bleach to clear a dark, wet corner, they broke the mold.
My blind date's not looking good.
In the French Revolution to stay alive you really had to keep your head.	
A locksmith is a key employee.
Communism is a complicated thing. You must think about from all sorts of Engels.
A spacecraft took pictures of Mars and Saturn and got the best of both worlds.	
Advert for viewing a garden - 'No entrance charge - Comfrey'.
Why don't programmers like nature? It has too many bugs.	
Hannibal crossed the Alps because it was safer than crossing the elephants.
The invention of the lock was the key to success.
What did the mining equipment salesman use as his slogan? 'But wait, there's ore!'
Bakers trade bread recipes on a knead to know basis.	
Fashion is something that goes in one era and out the other.	
When bottled water is cheap it's called a liquidation sale.	
As long as the imperial system is in place a ruler will be afoot.
Yesterday my fridge thought it was a microwave, so we got into a heated fight. But we're cool now.
Synchronization of gears in modern bicycles is cognitively demanding.
I thought about studying astronomy for university but I knew I would just be taking up space.
Henry the VIII portrayed the monarchy badly. This gave birth to the concept of the 'royalty-free image'.
He got fired at the coffee shop for coming to work in a T-shirt.	
After the winter thaw, the entire neighborhood was able to start a slush fund for next year.
I held the door for a mime the other day, I thought it was a nice gesture.
Two banks with different rates have a conflict of interest.	
I practice debating in the mirror but I always come across as one-sided and two-faced.
Chefs have the skillet takes to be good at what they do.	
Life ain't fair for a baby. They always get the bum wrap!
Did you hear about the pilot who always had work? He was great at landing a job.
I knew the little guy was going to play a prank on me, because of my sense of imp portents.
MISSOURI asked me to borrow MISSISSIPPIS's NEW JERSEY. I said 'I don't know - ALASKA'.	
A railroad engineer must be sure not to lose his train of thought or he might go down the wrong track.	
My noodle soup doesn't taste that good. It really laksa certain quality.
In ancient times, seagoing vessels were much more fuel efficient. They got thousands of miles to the galleon.
We are all speaking American. Is this a country diction in terms?
The roulette dealer had a unique personality. He had a different spin on everything.
I was looking for watch batteries but I wound up at a clock shop.
Scientists studying the sun have a flare for research.	
If a Greek deity tried on your jacket it would be Titan uncomfortable.
I raised my intelligence using my cranium.	
The portrait artist made extra money as a census taker. He was good at canvasing people.
I take pictures of trees and plants while the sun is out. It really emphasizes photosynthesis.	
Did you know that donuts were first made in Greece?	
As I revived her using mouth to mouth resuscitation, in spite of my lisp, I couldn't help noticing her beautiful breaths!
The king of diamonds proved hard to deal with.
If you take a laptop computer for a run you could jog your memory.	
If a prince is thrown to the air he might also remember that he is heir to the throne.	
I wrote a book about birds. It flew off the shelf.	
An employee got locked in a freezer at the ice cream factory and ended up getting spumonia.
An invisible man marries an invisible woman. The kids were nothing to look at either.	
Milk as the udder alternative has been heifer a long time.	
The rise of the orthopedic doctor depends on the fall of the patients!
I saw something similar to moss the other day, but I didn't know what to lichen it to.
I got a job in the transmission shop. It's shift work.	
I just looked up the word 'apocalypse' in the dictionary. It was quite a revelation.
I find meditating on Descartes and Houdini so liberating, but the reason escapes me.
Salespeople selling security equipment like to see people get alarmed.	
A boating accident between the yacht, Red Dawn, and the schooner, Blue Lagoon, left the survivors marooned.
Two geologists were staring at a huge fissure in a cliff face and one was overheard to say 'It's not my fault'.
Local Area Network in Australia: the LAN down under.	
I went to a buffet dinner with my neighbor, who is a taxidermist. After such a big meal, I was stuffed.
It's important for a clock salesman not to lose face.	
The pianist led an upright life, but it wasn't grand. No matter how I tried to spinet, I couldn't console him!
Just after thimbles were invented there was a shortage, so many people got stuck without one.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.	
Data got into so much trouble, her parents sent her packeting.
From the middle of the Pacific, the shipwrecked survivor found his way to the California coast purely by occident.
When notes get in treble, bass-ically they get put behind bars. The alto-nate punishment is to push them off a clef and hope they land flat on sharp objects.
Oh what a tangled web we weave. On the Internet.	
A lawyer held a huge briefcase in his hand during the enire trial, but finally he rested his case.	
When scissors were first invented, they were on the cutting edge.	
I tried to pack myself in a suitcase. I could hardly contain myself.	
When the plums dry on your tree, it's time to prune.	
A man was driving on an icy, abandoned road when he noticed a road sign with half of it torn clean off. 'That's a bad sign' he thought to himself.
Some moss took a lichen to a tree.	
The Hobbits were put in charge of collecting highway revenue because they're just so Tolkien.
I took a picture of a field of wheat, it was grainy.
The grammarian was very logical. He had a lot of comma sense.
Some Missouri home designers are Ozark-itects.
Did you hear about that Buddhist leader who retired and tended his crops? He's now known as the Dalai Farmer.
The pediatrician was a real kidder.	
The wise old man is long in the truth.
I kept failing to get a job as a butcher because I couldn't just make the cut.
His surgeon wanted to give him a free lobotomy saying, "think nothing of it".	
Labor contracts come just before childbirth.
Some scientists who study our genes are so busy they do it on the fly.
The carpenter came round the other day, he made the best entrance I have ever seen.
Luggage sales trends are determined using case studies.	
When all my electrical engineering friends at the baseball game did the wave, it was almost like having a phased-hooray.
If you drive through swamp country you will see swamps going bayou.	
During the late baroque era, rococo composers began to think outside the Bachs.
Do beginner vampires go to batting practice?
Calendars are always up to date.	
The champion ballet dancer watched his feat in the video footage!
As the carburettor chuckled to the air filter, 'I guess the choke's on me!'
During an earthquake in California a bank went into default.
The bargain store promised a free abacus with every purchase, but I wouldn't count on it.
The flower that wilted was in desperate need of a stem cell transplant.
Although the maestro broke his wand at a farmer's market recital, he still conducted with a plum.
If you accidentally leave your fly down on a promising date, does that count as a Freudian zip?
When making butter there is little margarine for error.
Time is important to fullbacks. They are always rushing.
A man at the watchmakers convention made a motion, but it died for lack of a second.
Why was Farmer Brown angry? Someone got his goat.
I used to enjoy steak and cheese with my eggs, but it's all ova now.
A cloud is most likely to snow when it's relaxed. At that time it's pretty chill.
When people first heard of the ABS, it was braking news.
Old calendars are outdated.
I asked somebody a question about pi, their answer was never ending!
What was the Ichthyologist doing at the local archives? Looking for micro fiche.
The roulette dealer had a unique personality. He had a different spin on everything.
Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's very time consuming.	
What do you call a bald monster? A lock-less monster.
She's happy to make a pair of pants for you, or at least sew its seams.
The surgeon failed to repair his own ruptured pericardium because his heart just wasn't in it.
A dentist and manicurist fought tooth and nail.	
Masks have no face value!
Wire electrical jobs so fun?
Any golfer will tell you the gospel truth. Your next shot always depends on the lie.
When the Aztec warrior was about to be punished severely, he was so sad he was disheartened.
A funeral ship is a sea hearse.
The inept nerd married a nuclear software engineer who made great fission chips, she was his bride and booter.
My friend quit working at the pin factory. He felt there was no point to the job.	
On my chicken farm, I own the birds scratching around on the ground in the barn, but I am paying off the ones sitting on the roosts - they are on higher perches.
Do hotel managers get board with their jobs?
Does Santa take his sleigh to his magic class or does he take a luge in?
The sum total of our national debt is some total.	
No one knew who was attacking the castle until we learned it was the forces of Sir Nymbas of Cumulus, the legendary Dark and Stormy Knight.
The journalist went to Greece to see the ancient ruins and is now writing several columns about them.
A man threatened to jump off the side of a building - alledgedly.
What did the dry erase marker say to the blackboard? Nothing! Dry erase markers don't chalk.
Economic experts report that while cactus sales have spiked, aquarium sales have tanked.
The lazy musician was told to shake allegro or make himself scherzo.
I was looking for watch batteries but I wound up at a clock shop.
I like European food so I decided to Russia over there because I was Hungary. After Czech'ing the menu I ordered Turkey. When I was Finnished I told the waiter 'Spain good but there is Norway I could eat another bite'.	
When I was young, I wanted to study archaeology, but my dad thought it was nothing more than a lot of skullduggery ...
I've always pictured myself taking selfies.	
Despite pressure to clean up their act, most dirtbags live in a vacuum.
People who take a lot of selfies are just trying to save face.
A noun and a verb were dating but they broke up because the noun was too possessive.	
Lamp factories have light workloads.
I saw a Buddhist lamp. It was very enlightening.
My computer is so slow it hertz.
Last night, I kept dreaming that I had written Lord of the Rings. The wife said I'd been tolkien in my sleep.
My insurance did not cover acupuncture, so I got stuck with the bill.
Marriage is hard but divorce usually goes off without a hitch.
Puns about monorails always make for decent one-liners.
What do you say to impatient jockeys? Hold your horses.
I dropped a tub of margarine in the kitchen and ended up with a Parkay floor.
When the maid found my lottery ticket she really cleaned up.
The chaplain got his gown from the army surplice depot.
His decision to become a pilot was up in the air.	
When I asked the man how he became a ditch-digger, he said he just fell into it.
In attempting to cook Japanese food, I bento ver backwards learning proper technique.
Chardonnay may not be champagne, but it's still wine.
People might think I'm a bit of a square, but that just means I'm exactly right on every angle.
Why did the pig quit running the marathon? He had a problem with his hamstring.
If you Russia round and Ukraine your neck don't Crimea river.	
The mannequin applied for a job at the day-care centre, it wanted to be a creche test dummy.	
Fashionable women in Indiana all wear designer Hoosiery.
What's the tallest building in the city? The library because it's so many stories high!
I didn't know which hammer to get, but I think I nailed it.
To make sure cargo trucks aren't too heavy, police operate on the principle that where there's a wheel there's a weigh.
I heard the AAA meetings are pretty charged up!
Every so often railroad conductors have to go for retraining.	
Length times width times height speaks volumes.	
The orthopedist said that working with fractures isn't all that it's cracked up to be.
The musician in jail was anxiously awaiting his next release.	
The Chinese chef maliciously dumped a hot broth with dumplings on an obnoxious customer. It was a wanton soup attack.
The star asked the sun why the moon was always up so late. Sun responded that it was just a phase.
Henry the VIII portrayed the monarchy badly. This gave birth to the concept of the 'royalty-free image'.
I wonder if you can get through the locks of the Panama Canal with Florida Keys?	
I was going to buy a sweet shop but it would have cost me hundreds and thousands.
The Crimean cannibal loved Tatar tots.
Last night I dreamt of a babbling brook. I had a stream of unconsciousness.
The place to trade dresses is called a frock exchange.
Two loaves of bread wanted to get married, so they eloafed.	
I once considered becoming a monk when I was young but I was cloisterphobic.
Eastern European gymnast electrocuted in Pole Volt.
Why are all businessmen fat? Must be all the inflation.
When cooks are in the soup they don't like to eat humble pie.	
He tried to sell me glass with imperfections in it, but I saw through it.	
The topiary artist invested all his money in shears and hedge funds.
Ever since Molly moved to Montana she wanted a shiny new kitchen with chrome on the range.
A racer who was also a golfer really knew how to drive.	
Is coffee your daily grind?	
A golf course is a foreground.
The young man quit dating the telephone operator because he felt disconnected. Besides, she had too many hangups.
They were married by candle-light, but the marriage lasted only a wick.	
The hand surgeon went to the opthamologist to be examined for carpal tunnel vision.
The salesman claimed the shoes were made from alligator, but I knew it was a crock.
There was once a cross-eyed teacher who couldn't control his pupils.	
The ophthalmologist was called to testify because he was the only eye witness.
When he spilled coffee on her shirt she showed him dis-stain.	
The triglyph commented, 'It's friezing in here.'
A flat rate is the monthly rent for an apartment.
When baking dog biscuits, be sure to use collie flour.
I met the woman of my dreams at the base of Mount Vesuvius. She is the lava my life.
To expectorate is bad grammar, because it is a spit infinitive.
My tailor is happy to make a pair of pants for me, or at least sew it seams.
'Should we watch the Swiss?'. 'Of quartz we should.'
When the maid found my lottery ticket she really cleaned up.
Married hang man were the best at their job, they knew how to tie the knot.
I shouted from a mountaintop in Italy and a famous author answered. I definitely heard an Eco.
Roanoke - that's where wooden oars are made.	
They tore strips off my dog before kicking him off that logging ship. He was disembarked.
My mate swallowed a cordless vacuum cleaner, they took him to hospital and he is picking up nicely.	
I was once attacked by a bunch of cigarettes. I had the cigars to prove it!
Old grave-diggers never die, they just get buried in their work.	
The purpose of the IT Service Department is to be a customer-server.
I used to hate maths but then I realised decimals have a point.	
What kind of pumpkin protects castles? A royal gourd!	
Derringer had one shot at fame.
In medical school he worried about passing as a surgeon, but he made the cut.	
I missed my miniature Indian musical instrument practice last night. I couldn't find a baby sitar.
Having my hair cut for free is the only fringe benefit I receive.
I had a hand in the puppet show.
You know prices are rising when you buy a winter jacket and even down is up.
He forgot to pay me for the computer I sold him. Bad cache memory.	
What do you call a mean Ancient Egyptian leader? Un-fair-oh.
How does the earth get clean? It takes a meteor shower!
A clumsy physician who pretends to care is a hypocritical oaf.
The retired general would not help his grandson color Easter eggs, but he did give the boy some cottage cheese. Old soldiers never dye, they just feed some whey.
Rejection is all about who you no.	
The new robotic cuspidor, despite its speed and efficiency, failed to meet my expectorations.
I knew a woman who owned a taser, man was she stunning!
Be kind to your dentist because he has fillings too.	
Britain is a wet place since the queen has had a long reign.	
I refuse to work with compost, it's degrading.
The sergeant drank whiskey in order to be fortified in his position.	
When asked to picture the perfect modern defensive weapon the Claymore springs to mine.
A patient came running to my psychiatry office screaming "I'm a teepee! I'm a wigwam!" I told him "Relax, you're two tents".	
The salesman claimed the shoes were made from alligator, but I knew it was a crock.
Going to bed with music on gave him sound sleep.	
My insurance did not cover acupuncture, so I got stuck with the bill.
The liquor store advertised, 'We De-Liver.'
The roundest knight at king Arthur's round table was Sir Cumference.	
The state legislature could not decide whether to fund the water control project or the all weather stadium. It was a no win situation. Dammed if you do, domed if you don't.
He who hogs the sheets is usually very wrapped up in himself.	
People who lack the patience for calligraphy will never have properly formed characters.
Chefs learn their trait in the Cook Islands.
When Plato discovered he was out of food, he decided to go shop at the stoa.
I walked into this posh restaurant, the prices were extortionate, it was daylight snobbery.
Hotel owners usually have suite dreams.	
What do you call a doctor who treats retired soldiers? A veteran-arian.	
I was in the linen trade, but gave it up. Too much toile.
Studying earthquakes rocks, but sometimes it is not always what it is cracked up to be.
The athlete claimed he long jumped over 25 feet. Actually his best jump only measured 23 feet. This was a clear case of leap fraud.
Have you heard the joke about the bomb? It had no impact.
You know the problem with grapes these days. People just aren't raisin them right.	
The astronauts said their experience on the moon was out of this world.	
Did you hear about the submarine industry? It really took a dive.	
After hours of waiting for the bowling alley to open, we finally got the ball rolling.
Caesar thought it would be smart to walk through the forum one evening. Beware the ideas of March.
The man was always leaving himself voicemail messages. He was very self-sendered.
If you discover a planet you're in the inner circle.	
Geometry shapes my life.
It was boring to listen to the prisoner as he kept repeating how sorry he was for his crime. He was con trite.
I got kicked out of cartoon art school. I guess you could say I was in suspended animation.
I simply must find a new podiatrist. My podiatrist has developed such a callus attitude.
I used to hate maths but then I realised decimals have a point.	
People who work at a mint make a lot of money.	
I met a man who loves eating couches. I think he has a suite tooth.
Kings sometimes found that uprisings were a peasant surprise.	
The nudist was acquitted of indecent exposure because nobody could pin the wrap on her.
I've never enjoyed paperback books: their blend of wooden characters and watered-down plots makes them pulpy.
A rise in mercury sometimes mars life on earth, how else would nature planet?
The man leaned on the printer cartridge because he wanted to tone up his abs.
I tried to pack myself in a suitcase. I could hardly contain myself.	
Broken puppets for sale. No strings attached.
French gendarmes don't use yellow crime scene tape but prefer cordon bleu.	
The price of shingles is going through the roof.	
The charges of the otolaryngologist was exorbitant, I had to pay through the nose!
When the drill bit was invented, it was a real turning point.	
Ever since my mineral extraction facility was converted to parking, I've had a lot on my mine.
Did you hear of the story about the tornado? There is a twist at the end.	
He made good fruitcake but he was one slice short of a loaf.	
The seaside Chinese buffet with free wi-fi was named The Baudwok.
He wanted desperately to be a good golfer - you could say he had a driving ambition.
Did you hear about the high-ranking military father who cloned himself? The result was a Major Faux Pa.
A bank manager without anyone around may find themself a-loan.	
The hotel chef was noted for his tomfoolery and his capers.
My friend started telling me skeleton puns. They were all very rib tickling.
The winter drive-by shooting was a slay ride.
Dentists practice by going through many drills.	
Doctors send patients to pool halls to find remarkable cuers.
Did you hear about the submarine industry? It really took a dive.	
Dutch shoes used to be made in a factory machine, until it got clogged up.
A computer program attached to an electric chair would have to have its execution checked carefully.	
They bought a home on a cliff because they liked to live on the edge.	
What did the dry erase marker say to the blackboard? Nothing! Dry erase markers don't chalk.
If a dog was computer literate, would his bark be worse than his byte?
The podiatry book used footnotes while the proctology book used endnotes.	
My friend has orchestra as her elective. She likes that it's her last class so she can end the day on a good note!	
A hangman telling a joke can be cord-ial but he will string you along to the punish line.	
Short-order cooks in busy restaurants call themselves 'pressure cookers'.
This year I made my Christmas wreath out of Franklin Fir branches. I really like a wreath of Franklin.
I've never killed a deer before but I'll take a shot at it.
Those who aim torpedoes are always ready to press charges.	
Italian building inspectors in Pisa are leanient.	
Visitors to Cuba are usually Havana good time.	
A tennis exponent always has a gut feeling beforehand that he will beat his opponent.
If your doctor is a quack, you have every right to duck him on the bill.
My shrink assures me that my obsession with the formalization of puns is just a 'phrase I'm going through'.
The special section reserved in the train for Julius was a Cesarean Berth.
When the equation didn't balance out, it messed with the student's equilibrium.
Pocket tape recorders were invented for those who like small talk.	
The best thing to carry with you when you start feeling tired is a knapsack.
Installing a new bathroom fan is exhausting.
Sign on the door of an internet hacker. 'Gone Phishing'.
An Electrician's work is well grounded.	
I got my job at the dentist's office by word of mouth.
Due to inclement weather, the sandwich shop wrapped up early Tuesday night.
Why don't miniature pumpkins go running with the bulls? They are afraid of being squashed or gourd.
When there are auto accidents in Sudan the vehicles go the the Khartoum.	
Realtors guilty of steering deserve the rack, but that's just my pinion.
Local Area Network in Australia: the LAN down under.	
The chefs argued about the flatbread until they realized it was a naan issue.
Strippers are bad investors as they tend to lose their shirts.
The surgeon really did not know how to perform quick surgeries on insects, but he did one on the fly.
A ship was lost at sea until they founder remains.	
They are showing 'The Green Mile' at the big house today. It's a conflict.
The psychiatrist told the genie his emotions were all bottled up.	
What do you call it when a bad-tempered old baker goes bankrupt? A curmudgeonly crumble.
No-fault insurance does not cover earthquakes.	
A group of physicists is called a nucleus.	
The nuclear scientist's career blossomed when she began work on the quantum properties of geranium.
The reason for the mysterious fog near Cape Cod is hazy but when it disappears it won't be mist.
The fraudulent caged chicken farmer gave himself free range with his egg labeling.
Installing a new bathroom fan is exhausting.
It is tough to do inventories in Afghanistan because of the tally ban.
Learning to dance is a two-step process.
Mummies are bound to be uptight.
The FBI needs to employ a number of cleaning agents.	
After the Hadron Collider was shut off, the surrounding atmosphere was a little Quarky.
A synthesis is an essay about transgressions.
Harry and Clem the carpenters, argued mightily on how best to complete the dinette set they were working on. They finally agreed to table the discussion.
Music of the seventies spawned many new record labels, mostly now defunked.
During his air test a young pilot flew through a rainbow. He passed with flying colors.	
This is what I like about chiropractors. They always have your back.
The hotel chef was noted for his tomfoolery and his capers.
I tried to learn how to drive a stick shift but couldn't locate the manual.
The weather man said there won't be any rain for 6 months, but I drought it.
When my husband asked me if I wanted a new alarm clock I said I was set.
A curling iron is a permanent solution to a hairy problem.
Why is tea so therapeutic? Because boiling the water raises your self of steam.
When I asked if I could get insurance if the nearby volcano erupted they assured me I would be covered.
A soldier is someone who stands in formation to receive information.
The pediatrician was a real kidder.	
The eastern potentate spent money as if it were Emir drop in the bucket.	
When I suffered a groin injury I became quite testy.
I was going to buy a sweet shop but it would have cost me hundreds and thousands.
In Ireland you're more likely to get a Pat answer.	
If you try and steal some meat from someone at a restaurant, a schnitzel tell on you.
If a VIP is asked to take a back seat at the special event, he may take affront.
A friend tried to make me say animal puns today but I thought they were boaring.	
An offer of a free lunch was not enough to entice Freud to make a presentation at a Behaviourist Convention. He explained, 'There was nothing on the menu that was oedipal.'
A sea captain navigating through a narrow channel was in dire straits.	
My dentist seems distracted, I think he was brushing me off.
For relief during cosmetic surgery they use an aesthetic.
What do you say to impatient jockeys? Hold your horses.
The man was always leaving himself voicemail messages. He was very self-sendered.
I was in the linen trade, but gave it up. Too much toile.
The dead batteries were given out free of charge.	
When the swimmer recovered from her stroke she decided to dive right into kicking her bad habits.
The special section reserved in the train for Julius was a Cesarean Berth.
Amenities - the Greek goddess of luxury.
You won't feel the squeeze with this great juicer deal.	
When traveling in the Bermuda Triangle look danger square in the eye, avoid falling into the dreaded Trapezoid and that graveyard of the sea, the Wrecktangle.
Did you hear about these new reversible jackets? I'm excited to see how they turn out.
Pre-arranged marriages pre-pair people for the future.	
With certain cashiers, things are slow to register.	
There was a contest on a slippery rock slope. I won in a landslide.
The self-styled pig-farmer charged for cruelty in court of law penned a swine statement that hamstrung the prosecution.
Labor contracts come just before childbirth.
The worker at Cape Canaveral wanted to make a sandwich, so he went to the deli to buy some launchin' meat.
The debate about unmanned aircraft strikes just keeps droning on.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.	
Show me a piano falling down a mineshaft and I'll show you A-flat minor.	
Dead languages have to be encrypted.	
When I was a carpenter, I specialized in installing bathroom fixtures. I am very proud of all my vanities.
When I treated my friends to lunch at the Mexican fast food restaurant I had to pay the taco bill.
You gotta be careful of corn at night. They can be early creepy with their husky voices and seedy appearance. Why, they even cob right out and tell you to shuck it right to your face.
To stop snow from entering your mouth in a blizzard you should grit your teeth!
I am always sad when I go to the dentist, so I put on music and listen through my blue tooth headphones.
That soil scientist always travels by himself. He's a loam ranger.
Sawyer was a carpenter and often counter productive.
When asked by a passenger how high he would get, the pilot replied,'I don't do drugs.'	
Riding the escalator is a step up from always walking on the same level.
The All-Pro wide receiver's wedding was a little bit shaky, but his reception was excellent.
The chiropractic author wrote a spinal column.
Did you hear the one about the woman who threw her toaster away because it kept burning the bread? She was black toast intolerant.	
I was thinking that hot air balloon operators don't make very good friends. Sure they can be uplifting at times, but in the end they always bring you down.	
People who lack the patience for calligraphy will never have properly formed characters.
In times like these the value of Chinese currency should make Americans pay attention. Instead, too many of us just yuan.
Did you hear about the bivalve they called in to interrogate for that big murder investigation? Apparently, he's clammed up.
Hear about the new EU approved pan? Apparently it isn't Greece proof.
The compensation received by the Italian chef was a pretty penne.
What do you call an expensive shoe? A cashew.	
High school grammar books are parse for the course.
As soon as the airplane was invented, things were looking up.	
People who eat their apples stem and seed and all improve their core values.
My wife has a cold. This morning she woke up and had her morning coughy.
The couple separated, for the wife had a stalemate.
To get a wig bald men have toupee a lot of money.	
Are you a sleepy skeleton? Because you look bone tired.	
The railway constructions are on track.	
What did the mining equipment salesman use as his slogan? 'But wait, there's ore!'
A photographer taking pictures of golfers says 'watch the birdie'.	
Money doesn't grow on sprees.	
My friend was fired from his job at the road department for stealing. I have to say I saw it coming. The last time I was at his house all the signs were there.
Buying a car is quite a show which is why car salespeople use a showroom.	
I crossed a cell phone with a skunk, and now the service stinks.
A grenade thrown into a kitchen in France would result in Linoleum Blownapart.	
The Chinese chef maliciously dumped a hot broth with dumplings on an obnoxious customer. It was a wanton soup attack.
When those around King Arthur's table had insomnia, there were a lot of sleepless knights.	
If climate change is causing the sea level to rise, does that mean that the oceans are getting too big for their beaches?
For a long time, black holes were a dark secret.	
If a restaurant isn't sweet to its chefs they might dessert.	
5000 hares have escaped from the zoo. The police are combing the area.
When the government designs a new penny the number of government workers that have to approve the design is ten per cent.	
The book about Teflon contained no frictional characters.
I asked Kermit the Frog what I should use to join the pieces of metal, but all he said was, 'Rivet, rivet.'
His wife asked him to remove a picture from over the fireplace. It was an off-the-wall remark.	
November: We start the month out stuffing ballots to elect some turkey, we end the month stuffing a turkey to increase our ballast.
Not being able to iron out all of his problems made the dry cleaner very depressed.
The waiter was six foot eight, and handled many a tall order.	
The pianist led an upright life, but it wasn't grand. No matter how I tried to spinet, I couldn't console him!
Cafeteria customers are in the line of fare.	
Why do football players make terrible pilots? They always break the plane before touchdown.
I hate needles, they're the vein of my existence.	
I keep walking methodically back and forth. I have to learn to pace myself.
The farmer was surprised when his pumpkin won a blue ribbon at the State Fair. He shouted, 'Oh, my gourd.'
Cottage cheese diet: eating your curds and weigh.	
Having been diagnosed with a hernia has bothered me to my core.
The food taster quit his job because he had too much on his plate.
Is it true that several of the justices on the Supreme Court refer to their homes as 'legal pads'?
Atheists don't solve exponential equations because they don't believe in higher powers.
Old programmers never die, they just can't C as well.	
Those who like dark beer are beyond the pale.	
To the flat dwellers finding a level playing field was a complex issue!
Pocket bread stuffed with pocket bread makes a pitaful excuse for a sandwich.
If you're alone and get too cold you might become ice-olated.	
A woman who became queen considered it her crowning achievement.	
I relish the fact that you've mustard the strength to ketchup to me.	
The race horse went lame early. It was the first out of its gait.
A primitive tribe known as the Inno had no money - until they reached the age of Inno cents.	
The boy's guitar teacher helped him pick up his skills.
Bridge tolls have increased significantly over a 5 year span.
Ever since the mayor's ban on flammable liquids, fewer arsonists have benzene around town.
In ancient times, seagoing vessels were much more fuel efficient. They got thousands of miles to the galleon.
You will find leather in the middle of a bull market.	
My watch broke yesterday, but I guess every clock has its time.
The proctologist quit his job because it gave him tunnel vision.	
He was to carry two flags in the parade, but decided that would be a double standard.	
Yesterday I was on the computer, I couldn't find the Esc and I lost Ctrl.
The royal pharmacist wore a tuxedo and dispensed with formalities.
To get a wig bald men have toupee a lot of money.	
Hotel owners usually have suite dreams.	
I tried to look up impotence on the Internet but nothing came up.
I can never understand my trigonometry teacher because he always talks in sine language.
What do you find on the floor of the mozzarella forest? Cheese sticks.
What is the name of the immortal adolescent? Constantine!
The wise old man is long in the truth.
My best friend and I attended culinary school together and then opened our own restaurant. I guess we are taste buds.
I bought a computer from The Nero Company. It comes with a CD/Rome burner.
He became an astronaut and had a blast.	
The most striking feature of a match is its distinctive red head.
Why not take a break in the south of France? You've nothing Toulouse.
When tires are up it's due to inflation.	
Do dentists of foreign extraction pull teeth rootinely?	
The food they serve to guards can last for sentries.	
My vacuum flask is hopeless and it's a top of the range model - that's the only place it will keep anything warm.
Working in the bakery left her with a loathe of bread.
The inventor of the stove top was in his element.	
It's a cut-throat world working in the otolaryngologist's office.
You use a lumberjack when your tree is flat.
Power saws are for people who like short-cuts.	
Yesterday I was on the computer, I couldn't find the Esc and I lost Ctrl.
The ghost never took sides during arguments. He was super neutral.
How does a card player party? They shuffle.
The angry ice cube boiled with anger, then let off some steam.
The divorced couple hurled Angostura and Boston cream pie at each other - it was a bitter, custardy dispute.
Did you hear about the computer technician who received third degree burns? He touched the firewall.
A taxidermist specializes in skin for cabs.
One of the joys of being a lightweight is that commuting by wind is a breeze!
I know a pun about Beethoven, but I won't say it because it would just fall on deaf ears.	
When the prisoner was told by his lawyer that he had gotten a stay of execution, he smiled and said, 'Well, no noose is good noose.'
Where do Cockney bakers live? The Yeast End.
Squirrels that just don't care anymore have been seen throwing cashews to the wind.
