i need to clear my throat , said tom phlegmatically .
it was the first time she ' d seen a live sponge on display , and she really soaked it in .
in ireland you ' re more likely to get a pat answer .
the electricity was off and they couldn ' t found out watt was the problem .
old alcoholics never die , they just lose their spirit .
a library should have several floors because it is a multi story building .
long fairy tales have a tendency to dragon .
my name is art , i ' m a museum curator .
old sausage makers never die , they just take a turn for the wurst .
the musician in jail was anxiously awaiting his next release .
sick fish go to the sturgeon .
the aluminum foiled my plans .
a leak in the back of a boat is a stern warning .
i ' m not a crook , nixon said resignedly .
' ' where shall i plant these water lilies ? ' ' tom pondered .
old programmers never die they just go to bits .
beaver rallying cry : ' ' river be dammed ! ' '
an unusual medical book is one which has no appendix .
the store clerk lost his job , so he set up a kiosk in the mall to vend for himself .
an heir is someone with a descent wage .
i ' m blind enough to look at the situation in the wrong fashion , so i changed my clothes .
for every 45 i collected , i would write down the song and the artist so i could keep records .
some horses cause their owners a lot of woe .
old pyromaniacs never die , they just lose their spark
a dog who played baseball always got walked .
as to how to play snooker , some people don ' t have a cue .
an unemployed logger is a would worker .
she swallowed a peach seed and could feel it in the pit of her stomach .
camille relocated to little italy : they made her a cougher ; she couldn ' t refuse
' ' i ' ve been listening to the brandenburg concertos , ' ' tom barked .
i had to pay to get into the annual local carnival . but that was the county fare .
having too many axe - like tools to do a particular job only adze to the confusion .
i nailed my wood - shop test .
archaeologists working at night need lots of eon lights .
when the artist tried to draw a cube he had a mental block .
' ' i ' m losing my hair , ' ' tom bawled .
if you miss a class at beauty school you ' ll need a makeup session .
after being treated by an optometrist , the bird seed .
old investors never die they just roll over .
' ' this bud ' s for you , ' ' said tom lightly .
did you hear about these new reversible jackets ? i ' m excited to see how they turn out .
the shy stripper couldn ' t bare it on stage .
he studied water purification and had a great thirst for knowledge .
i ' m dying , tom croaked .
' i got lost in the streets of paris , ' he said ruefully .
' ' have you seen my collection of ancient chinese artifacts ? ' ' asked tom charmingly .
my name is sherry . i ' m a wine - master .
i noticed that the sun was out , and nobody had bothered to relight it .
when plato discovered he was out of food , he decided to go shop at the stoa .
the police auction was a complete bust .
stealing someone ' s coffee is called ' mugging ' .
dentists practice by going through many drills .
old photographers never die , they ' re just out of the picture for a while .
what a charming doorway ! said tom , entranced .
i made a batch of fish eye soup , it should see me through the week .
a husband who thinks he is as solid as a rock may have a wife who wishes he was a little bolder .
the vegetable never taken aboard ship is a leek .
if i am afraid of losing my fat tissue . my psychiatrist told me i have an adipose complex .
if you have to pay to go to the river , we ' d better stop at the bank .
the man put his name on the neck of his shirt so he would have collar id .
i ' ve inherited a fortune , said tom , willfully
if you work in a bakery you may have to take on many roles .
old seers never die they just lose their vision .
an old spice wholesaler is a seasoned veteran .
the son shines on the righteous .
your nose is in the scenter of your face .
she was only a grape picker ' s daughter , but she was never chablis dressed .
be the soul supporter of your children .
she was only an artist ' s daughter , but what a crowd she could draw .
the weather bureau is an umbrella organization .
she was only a flag - waver ' s daughter , but she ' d let her standards down for anyone .
my wife is a fine cook , plus a great algebra teacher , she is quite famous for her pi .
if you ' re looking for oranges on an apple tree you will have a fruitless search .
the calculus teacher tried to keep his students on task , but the class discussion kept going off on tangents .
he became an astronaut and had a blast .
when a thief stole several volumes from the library he was quickly booked .
musicians need a leader because they don ' t know how to conduct themselves .
she was only a butcher ' s daughter , but there wasn ' t much more she could loin .
my name is cary . i ' m a porter .
i had some back trouble , but it ' s all behind me now .
trophy shops often will give customers floss with their purchase to eliminate plaque problems .
my job as head chef at a top rated restaurant is in jeopardy because my latest culinary creation was called a recipe for disaster .
there ' s a new magnetic steam iron that makes your clothes attractive .
the president of a ladder manufacturer had to step down .
a case of disappearing bison had police completely buffaloed .
a cutlery manufacturing company was built at a fork in the road .
the actors had one great movie after another . they were on a role .
she was only a swimmer ' s daughter , but she knew every dive in town . .
dr . jekyll ' s more successful second formula turned him into a world - class sprinter rather than a violent psychopath , proving that you can run but you can ' t always hyde .
